[Are you passionate about delivering high quality software to thousands of users? Do you have a sense of detail? Are you determined and focused on shipping products with high quality? Are you technically oriented and love working with web technologies? Then you might be exactly who we are looking for!As a Software Quality Engineer you will be responsible for making sure that our products meet the high quality standards set for the products. You will be working with product owners, developers and designers in an Agile team. You will bring your quality engineering expertise and help build quality in our products by asking the right questions, clarifying assumptions, and working closely with the Product teams.This is a great opportunity for a motivated, technically oriented Quality Engineer, as you will play an important role in the quality engineering initiatives targeted towards optimizing our operational efficiency as we scale rapidly.ResponsibilitiesExecute upon our quality engineering strategy, including leveraging tools, technologies and processesWork with cross functional teams to understand requirements, identify testing needs, design test plans, execute tests, overlook testing efforts for assigned projects or featuresAnalyze and understand environments, architecture, and interdependencies to determine and apply appropriate test methodologies and cases, relative to products being testedRun the regression manual tests in an efficient wayTroubleshoot the defects found and report them with appropriate detailsPerform defect tracking and regression monitoring throughout product release & lifecycleHelp establish severity and scope of issues to guide prioritization for resolutionReport project test status to cross functional teams and to ManagementWork closely with automation engineers and developers on setting an automation strategy for the assigned projects or features, and help the department progress in test automation and DevOps continuous delivery initiativesWhat We Require of YouBachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or equivalent3-5+ years of recent professional Software Quality Engineering experience, preferably in a commercial software product development domain, (e.g. SaaS, etc.)Good knowledge and understanding of web based software/protocols and database conceptsStrong technical background as an individual contributor testing web applicationsExperience with Agile software development methodologies and principlesExperience and proven expertise in designing effective test plans, creating test cases, executing test, uncovering defects, reporting problems, verifying fixes and certifying software for delivery to customersExpertise in troubleshooting issues for further analysis and fix by development teamsIs always learning, curious, open to new ideas, and keeps on top of the industry & technology trendsExcellent English verbal and written communication skillsWhat We'll Love About YouThat you’re a self-driven, creative, inquisitive individual possessing lots of drive. Aiming to join a team of skilled colleagues, whom you can inspire, and who can inspire you towards delivering world-class products on a global scale. Furthermore we would love if you have:Exposure and understanding towards any object-oriented programming languageUnderstanding, and appreciation for test automationKnowledge of Jenkins, Oracle, JiraWhat You'll Love About UsSiteimprove is a Danish-founded multinational company with over 450 employees worldwide. In addition to our headquarters in the heart of Copenhagen, we have offices in Minneapolis, London, Berlin, Vienna, Amsterdam, Oslo, Sydney and Toronto, and our customers are spread across North America, Europe, Japan and Australia.Siteimprove transforms the way organizations manage and deliver their digital presence. With the Siteimprove Intelligence Platform, you gain complete visibility and deep insights, empowering you and your team to measure what matters, drive accountability, and act with certainty.We also offer amazing perks!Great and Inspiring Company Culture. We are passionate, innovative and people-centric. Consistently named as a great place to work across the globe.Amazing Kitchen Staff. Our celebrity head chef and his kitchen staff cook delicious lunch for us every day. There’s always cake on Fridays and on special occasions and celebrations (which, luckily, is quite often). Naturally, we offer free coffee, free sodas and free fruit ad libitum. Opportunity to buy food to take home at extremely reasonable prices.Outstanding Office Location. We are located in the heart of Copenhagen in a beautiful building sometimes referred to as “the Palace” by our employees.Own Friday Bar. On the top floor, we have our very own Friday Bar with quality beverages. In the summer, we may take the party to our cozy courtyard for barbecuing in the sun.Coding Club, Meetups, Events, and Workshops. The Coding Club meets weekly (pizza and beverages on the house), and we regularly throw hackathons and in-house events and workshops.Corporate Social Responsibility. We do various activities to be a good corporate citizen, and we are very proud to be a socially responsible company, internally and externally. Learn more about our CSR efforts here.How To ApplyClick on the 'Apply Now' button to submit your application. If you have any questions regarding the job or need a reasonable accommodation to apply, feel free to contact careers@siteimprove.com or contact our Talent Acquisition Specialist Jacob Bjerrehuus at +45 3161 6742.Siteimprove is a global corporation and has developed data practices designed to assure your personally-identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in accordance with our Privacy Policy at Siteimprove.com/privacy]