[The Postdoc (3 years) position will contribute to the research portfolio at the Development Economics Research Group (DERG) at the Department of Economics, University of Copenhagen. DERG currently has projects in Mozambique, Myanmar and Tanzania and is actively seeking funding for new projects in Bangladesh and Ethiopia. The projects cover a wide range of research topics and activities, including both original micro- and macroeconomic analyses and studies, the implementation of field surveys and other data generating initiatives, as well as associated capacity building.    Job description  Activities: The postdoc duties will include research within development economics as well as teaching and capacity building. Moreover, under the supervision of the Director/Deputy Director of DERG, the incumbent will be expected to assist with tasks related to the various DERG projects. Country knowledge from DERG focus countries is therefore preferable. The postdoc may also have to perform other duties, such as the preparation of larger scale research funding applications. The postdoc will be set up such that DERG related project work and teaching/capacity building take up approximately 60% of the work time, leaving the remaining 40% for own research, noting that preference will be given to applicants whose research agenda is aligned with the DERG research portfolio.    Qualifications  A postdoctoral position is a fixed-term academic position. The position is heavily weighted in favor of research. The position will not contribute to a broadening of pedagogical competencies. Therefore, the postdoctoral position may not alone qualify for appointment as Associate Professor/Senior Researcher. Employment as Postdoc at the Department of Economics, University of Copenhagen, requires a PhD degree in economics.    Salary and conditions of employment  Salary and conditions of employment will be in accordance with the agreement between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC). The annual salary for postdoctoral researchers is within the range DKK 398,700 – 419,800 (approx. EUR 53,600 – 56,400). In addition to the salary paid directly to you, the University will also pay a monthly contribution to your pension fund corresponding to 17.1 % of your salary. Negotiation for additional supplements will be possible. A special tax scheme is offered researchers recruited abroad, see http://ism.ku.dk/onarrival/taxes/    Information  Further information on the Department is available at www.econ.ku.dk and for DERG at www.econ.ku.dk/derg. Inquiries about the position can be made to Professor John Rand john.rand@econ.ku.dk. The position will be filled from 1 June 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter.   Application  Applications should include the following parts:   application, including reasons     for applying for this position (max. 2 pages)  curriculum vitae, including     list of publications  diplomas – all relevant certificates  publications to be considered     in the assessment (max. 5)     The parts must be clearly labeled with the above-mentioned numbers.  Applications that do not meet the requirements listed above will not be taken into consideration.  Please note that applications will be assessed on the basis of these mandatory enclosures. Applicants cannot expect for any additional documentation to be taken into account in the assessment.    Application procedure   After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Appointments Committee. All applicants are then immediately notified whether their application has been passed for assessment by an expert assessment committee. Selected applicants are notified of the composition of the committee and each applicant has the opportunity to comment on the part of the assessment that relates to the applicant him/herself. You can read about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk    The University of Copenhagen wishes to encourage everyone interested in this post to apply, regardless of personal background.    The deadline for applications including enclosures is April 30th, 2018 (at Midnight 23:59 Danish Time). Interviews will be held as quickly as possible hereafter.    Please note: Applications must be submitted and documents must be uploaded online. Press “Apply now” and fill in the application form. Applications sent by regular mail or by e-mail will not be accepted.    Also please note that it is only possible to upload one document per attachment category. If more than one document has to be uploaded in the same category, please make sure that the documents are scanned and collected in one file.  Applications received after deadline will not be taken into account. ]