[The Computer Science Department at the IT University of Copenhagen has a vacant two-year position as postdoc in machine learning, starting May 15, 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter.   The successful candidate will join the IT University's growing data science research group to enhance its expertise within machine learning and is expected to contribute to teaching our BSc Data Science program.   Applicant requirements  Applicants should hold a PhD in computer science or a related field and must have expertise and solid research contributions in either:foundational aspects of machine learning, especially statistical and Bayesian approaches, or  an area of application, with contributions to method development beyond the application area  Further desirable areas of expertise are:  data visualization and business strategy  applied statistics and deep learning  large scale data analysis  Applicants must further demonstrate the ability to teach data science on a high level as well as teach basic computer science courses.  The applicant should have a good track record of top-tier research publications in machine learning, or evolutionary computation.   Application  The application must be in English and must include:  A motivated application, including a cogent argument for how qualified you are for the position and brief statements of research and teaching plans  A full CV, including name, address, phone number, e-mail, previous and present employment and academic background  Documentation of academic degrees (copy of degree certificates etc.)  Copies of max. 5 different publications that are relevant to the position  A numbered list of publications. The enclosed publications should be marked with an asterisk (*)  Documentation of pedagogical experience and teaching record within one or more of the teaching areas listed for the position  Applications without the above-mentioned documents will not be assessed.   Early contact with our faculty staff is strongly encouraged.   General information  The IT University of Copenhagen (ITU) is a teaching and research-based tertiary institution concerned with information technology (IT) and the opportunities it offers. The IT University has more than 70 full-time Faculty members. Research and teaching in information technology span all academic activities which involve computers including computer science, information and media sciences, humanities and social sciences, business impact and the commercialization of IT.   Salary  Appointment and salary will be in accordance with the Ministry of Finance’s agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC).   Application procedure  You can only apply for this position through our e-recruitment system. Apply by pushing the button "Apply for position" in the job announcement on our website: http://en.itu.dk/About-ITU/Vacancies  Questions about the positions can be directed to head of department Peter Sestoft at sestoft@itu.dk or +45 7218 5083. Questions related to the application procedure can be directed to HR Consultant, Sara Toft at sato@itu.dk or 7218 5130.   The applicant will be assessed according to the Appointment Order from the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation of 25 April 2008.   The IT University may use shortlisting in connection to the recruitment process. In case of shortlisting, the Head of department selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the hiring committee after the application deadline. All applicants are notified whether their application has been passed for assessment. The shortlisting of candidates for assessment is based on the criteria in the job posting.   Please note that all application material will be destroyed after the assessment.   Application deadline: April 9, 2018 at 23:59 CET.   Applications/enclosures received at ITU after the application deadline will not be taken into consideration. If you submit an application, it is your responsibility to ensure that it arrives before the deadline so please allow sufficient time for upload of publications and other documents.  The IT University invites all qualified researchers regardless of age, gender, religious affiliation or ethnic background to apply for the positions.  ]