[Engineer required for Project Management Office
Join Haldor Topsoe’s Project Management Office (PMO) - we offer an engineering position in the planning group to strengthen our planning function. The PMO is part of our Global Supply Unit with a total of 325 employees who designs and deliver process plants. The planning group is assisting project directors and project managers with planning, controlling and reporting during the execution of projects within all our technologies and across the hole organization.
You will be part of our global team of eight planners with the responsibility of development and maintenance of our planning systems and tools, creating project structures and participating in administration and reporting of project data in close collaboration with the project managers. We are involved in the projects from start to finish and have a wide range of contact across the organization in our daily work.
We utilize SAP for the overall structuring, planning and reporting of the project execution and are working closely with the project managers with detailed planning and progress reporting of the engineering of the design documents with the use of Excel tools. We are responsible for compiling project reports and resource plans and are executing a variety of ad hoc data analysis.
The job

Analysis of project data
Preparing management reports and KPI’s
Development and maintenance of project controlling and analysis tools
Structuring of project activities with schedule and budgets in SAP
Updating of project data and project reporting
Miscellaneous ad hoc analysis.
You

are working systematic and structured
are innovative and interested in developing new tools
have an interest in working actively with project data and project planning
have an eye for details without losing the overview
are outgoing with flair for cooperation at all levels in the organization.
BackgroundYou hold a degree in engineering and have a keen interest in working with data analysis and project planning. We expect you to be a super user at advanced level in Excel including VBA and have knowledge of MS project.It is an advantage if you have experience in working with SAP as we are responsible for the usage and development of the PS-module in our SAP application.
Further informationPlease contact Group Manager, Planning Lars Svendsen, phone +45 2275 4393 if you want to know more about the position.
If you would like to be part of a team of skilled and dynamic colleagues in an informal organization, please submit your application and resume in Danish or English and enclose a copy of your exam certificates and any references.
Application deadlineApril 10, 2018.
Haldor Topsoe is a world leader in catalysis and surface science, committed to helping our customers achieve optimal performance. We enable companies to get the most out of their processes and products, using the least possible energy and resources, in the most responsible way. We are headquartered in Denmark and do project development, R&D, engineering, production, and sales & service across the globe. In 2016, our revenue was approximately 860 million US dollars, and we employ some 2,300 employees.http://www.topsoe.com]