[Henriksen HR is currently recruiting for a experienced Project Manager to work with a market leading construction company to be based in South Jutland, Denmark working initially on a large, confidential, highly sought after Data Centre.
You will be tasked with leading and managing the successful delivery of a large Mechanical and / or Electrical package, however this role will in time giving the successful individual the opportunity to further develop their career with this well-established organisation into a more senior management function.
Duties and Responsibilities
Coordinate Mechanical & Electrical design, work with consultants and subcontractor.  
The Project Manager will supervise the progress of work and prepare the project programme, including the delivery strategy and ensure project milestones are achieved  - Ensure smooth and timely flow of information between all parties to the contract.  
Acting as an Project Manager you will endeavour to identify and predict potential bottlenecks and delays and action remedies. Keeping the project stakeholders informed of progress, cost and any other relevant issues. Review project scope, and manage the budget and schedule. Participate in design reviews. Manage safety and quality aspects of the project in accordance with company procedures. Agree valuations and final accounts with contractors and sub-contractors. Review issues to drive continuous improvement.  Preparing and complete commercial monitor reconciliation on a monthly basis to highlight areas of overspend or savings thus appropriate action can be taken. Ensuring in receipt of and fully aware of all information at Estimating / Surveying handover. The Development of Project Commercial Plans and ensuring buy in from the project team and management. Plan, maintain and control the financial administration of all construction work to obtain and maintain maximum cost effectiveness.
Necessary Requirements 
Serious Qualification in Electrical / Mechanical Engineering. Minimum 10 years of experience in Mechanical and / or Electrical project management role. Possess experience management Mechanical and / or Electrical packages within the following sectors; Data Centres are advantageous, Pharmaceutical or Industrial.
A strong technical background in contracting is essential for this role. Strong operational skills and an attention to detail, and experience of the design build process. Good presentation and general management skills. Strong written communication abilities, and the ability to negotiate a strong commercial position for the company are also essential - The ability to multi-task and take an overview on a large number of projects at any time. Danish and English language skills are required.
Application
CV in confidence should be send to info@henriksen-hr.dk. Please write " MEP Construction Manager " in the subject field. We will process incoming applications continuously, send your application as soon as possible.]