[We are recruiting a postdoctoral fellow to work on computational systems biology of type 2 diabetes. The candidate will work at the Department of Bio and Health Informatics at Technical University of Denmark in Kgs. Lyngby, Denmark. The candidate will be supervised by Professor Søren Brunak.The candidate will be working in the DIRECT consortium, an IMI-funded pan-European diabetes research consortium partially funded by Novo Nordisk, aiming at helping each type 2 diabetes patient to receive optimal treatment via enhanced patient stratification. The goal of the DIRECT consortium is to identify novel biomarkers and define subtypes of type 2 diabetes with rapid diabetes development and progression as well as altered response to diabetes treatment.Responsibilities and tasksThe postdoctoral fellow will work in a multidisciplinary project team led by Professor Søren Brunak. The candidate will focus on type 2 diabetes data analysis using computational systems biology methods. The candidate will utilize data integration, statistical genetics and pathway-based methods to identify novel biomarkers and to study diabetes etiology.QualificationsYou hold a PhD degree or equivalent in biology, genetics, statistics, computational biology, or related discipline of biomedical research. You have preferably experience in statistical genetics, genomics and knowledge of R. Programming experience is required as is having worked with large data. Research experience in diabetes is a plus.We offerDTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and terms of employmentThe appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union.The period of employment is at least until 31 January 2019, and the working hours are 7.4 hours per week.You can read more about career paths at DTU here. Further informationFor further information, please contact Søren Brunak, +45 20 67 24 77.Application procedurePlease submit your online application no later than 30 March 2018 (Local Time).Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online", fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include:

Application (cover letter)
CV
Contact information for 2 references
Brief description of research experience & interest
Diploma
List of publications
Applications and enclosures received after the deadline will not be considered.All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, disability, race, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply.DTU Bioinformatics has its main research and teaching activities in bio-medical and bio-technological informatics, metagenomics, epidemiology, quantitative genomics, integrative systems biology, artificial intelligence and machine learning. The research involves the use of vast amounts of phenotypic, clinical, environmental, biological and multi-omic information in humans, animals, plants and microbes. We run projects combining big data and laboratory research via the national supercomputing center or Computerome and the molecular genomics laboratories.DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]