[Technical University of Denmark (DTU) has an open PhD position (early-stage researcher) in the H2020 MSCA ITN RealVision project http://www.realvision-itn.eu/) at DTU Fotonik. The RealVision Innovative Training Network (ITN) will investigate the problem of capturing, processing and displaying hyper-realistic images with the aim of building the hyper-realistic visual imaging and display systems of the future. Description of PhD project The goal of the project is to encode light field image data for flexible access and processing. Light field video and imaging lead to very large amounts of data and coding is crucial to utilize the data efficiently. High-quality coding of light field data facilitating interactive, visually oriented applications will be developed. The coding scheme will be based on modelling relations of subsets, e.g. close-by views and efficient coding of these. For modelling, advanced flow and motion estimation formulations will be established for subsets of the data. Random access view extraction will be implemented, applied and extended for interactive user defined access for selected applications. The project will produce: •High quality coding of light field data, e.g. involving optical flow techniques •Flexible path oriented access of light field data sets for application specific solutions •View synthesis of light field image data. During the project, the PhD candidate will have close contact with the other RealVision consortium groups, including an extended research stay at CNRS in Paris, France. In order to ensure contact with industry, the ESR will also have an extended research stay with the RealVision partner organisation Technicolor, France. Qualifications The candidate should have a Master's degree in electrical, electronics, computer science, telecommunications, mathematics or a similar degree with an academic level equivalent to the Master's degree. A solid background in image or video processing or coding is an asset. We expect the candidate to have good programming skills. Good communication skills in written and spoken English are a must. Starting date summer 2018. Approval and Enrolment The scholarship for the PhD degree are subject to academic approval, and the candidates will be enrolled in one of the general degree programmes of DTU. For information about the requirements for enrolment and the general planning of the scholarship studies, please refer to the DTU PhD Guide: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/PhD/Rules/PhDguide. Assessment The assessment of the applicants will be made by Professor Søren Forchhammer according to RealVision recruitment procedures. We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 3 years. The yearly salary before tax will comprise a living allowance of €50,493.96 and a mobility allowance of €7,200.00. An additional allowance of €6,000.00 may be payable but is dependent on individual family circumstances. Further information Further information may be obtained from Professor Søren Forchhammer, Group Leader of Coding and Visual Communication Technology, tel. +45 4525 3622 and email sofo@fotonik.dtu.dk. You can read more about the Department of Photonics Engineering on http://www.fotonik.dtu.dk/english. Application Please submit your online application no later than 23 March 2018. Applications must be submitted as one pdf file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online," fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one pdf file. The file must include: •A letter motivating the application (cover letter) •Curriculum vitae •Grade transcripts and BSc/MSc diploma •Excel sheet with translation of grades to the Danish grading system (see guidelines and excel spreadsheet here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/phd/Applicant/Pre_acceptance-1-) Candidates may apply prior to ob­tai­ning their Master's degree, but cannot begin before having received it. In addition, candidates must be in the first four years (full-time equivalent research experience) of their research careers and not yet have been awarded a PhD degree. Due to the mobility requirement of the European Commission for ITN projects, we can only accept PhD candidates that have not been working/living in Denmark for more than a total of 12 months within the last 3 years. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. The Department of Photonics Engineering (DTU Fotonik) has 220 employees with competences in optics and is one of the largest centres in the world based solely on research in photonics. Research is performed within optics, communications, ultra-high speed optical transmission systems, coding for visual communication and photonics. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]