[About us
Hach is a world leader in the manufacture and distribution of analytical instruments, test kits and reagents for testing the quality of water, aqueous solutions and air. Our products are designed specifically for quality, accuracy, and simplicity. Strengthened by our sister companies in the environmental industry worldwide, our goal for the future is to continue to provide customers with reliable instrumentation, accurately prepared reagents, proven methods, simplified procedures and outstanding technical support. We offer an environment that is team-centered, customer-driven, quality-focused, and growth-oriented. Working at Hach will provide you the opportunity for robust career development.
 
OUR MISSION: Ensure water quality for people around the world.
 
OUR VISION: We make water analysis better – faster, simpler, greener and more informative – via unsurpassed customer partnerships, the most knowledgeable experts, and reliable, easy-to-use products.
 Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
 
The Software Applications Development Manager is responsible for supporting Sales enablement, Sales training, and the sales cycle from presales to closure for software solutions opportunities in drinking water and municipal/industrial wastewater applications.  This position will work in collaboration with and support of existing regional Sales teams to drive growth in Hach’s Claros portfolio. 
This is a high impact position, and seasoned technical sales experience is critical to the successful execution of Hach’s corporate strategy.
 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Partner with Field Sales Engineers and Key Account Managers on existing and prospective customer visits to provide process and lab knowledge, and expert advice on how Claros provides tangible benefits.
Provide regular training and enablement to the Sales team on commercial updates and enhancements for Claros, and for wastewater and drinking water treatment processes, in general. 
Facilitate Sales funnel discussions and report data and metrics on competitive activity, business opportunities, sales trends, and results within assigned responsibilities. 
Collaborate with customers and local sales contact to support complex or new applications of Hach’s Claros solution and consult customers to progress existing opportunities.
Collaborate with business units and marketing team on product planning, commercial planning, commercial learning activities, and KPI teams as sales representative.
Conduct site surveys to assess the suitability of any given customer site for Hach’s Claros solution.
Conduct analysis of customer processes and data to estimate potential benefits and savings that may result from the implementation of Hach technologies and solutions.
Assist the front-line sales team with the preparation of proposals, including but not limited to instrument location diagrams and detailed technical specifications.
Support the sales cycle of Claros opportunities at all stages from prospecting, qualification, presenting solutions, through customer commitment.
Support Sales Directors and Sales Managers to identify potential areas for new Claros opportunities utilizing existing solutions, and target growth potential for solution development.
Prepare and deliver Claros presentations at industry conferences, trade shows, customer offices, and web meetings.
Coordinate with management to provide detailed forecasts and action plans for the growth of the business.
Support financial objectives set forth by senior management through collaboration with multiple teams in the Hach organization by representing the best interest of Sales, owning awareness of actual vs. budgeted performance, implementing corrective measures as appropriate, and reporting accomplishment and variance analysis on a monthly and quarterly basis.
Establish and foster relationships with internal and external customers by making periodic visits, exploring specific needs, and resolving obstacles.
Other duties as assigned.    
 
CRITICAL COMPETENCIES / LEADERSHIP ANCHORS

Knowledge of Hach’s primary portfolio for wastewater, drinking water and industrial markets.
Detailed understanding of Hach’s sophisticated instrumentation, control, software and services solutions, specifically in regard to instrument, data, and process management.
Strong commercial acumen and communication skills required to navigate complex sales, consultative selling situations, rapidly changing technologies, and intense work environment.
 
 
Qualifications

BS or MS degree in Chemistry, Biology, or Engineering (Chemical, Bio, Systems).
5-10 years relevant experience in the water industry, either with a utility at process/system engineering level or a contractor/consultant providing solutions for the water industry with an emphasis on process design and/or commissioning.
Formal sales training with experience in value selling.
Exposure to complex sales processes, or large opportunity and strategic account selling.
Ability to travel up to 50% within assigned geographies.
Must have and maintain a valid driver license and a driving record which is acceptable to Hach.
 Danaher Corporation Overview
Danaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and industrial solutions. Our globally diverse team of 59,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $16.5B in revenue last year. We are ranked #133 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 2,000 percent over 20 years. 
 
At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team.
 
For additional company details, see http://www.danaher.com
 
WATER QUALITY GROUP
 
Danaher`s Water Quality Business is a global leader in water quality analysis and treatment, providing instrumentation and disinfection systems to help analyze and manage the quality of ultra-pure water, portable water, wastewater, groundwater and ocean water in residential, commercial, industrial, and natural resource applications. Our water quality business provides products under a variety of brands, including HACH, ChemTreat, and Trojan Technologies.]