[(Location: Flensburg (Germany) / Nordborg (Denmark))
Job Description
Can you see yourself as the expert coordinating Data Cleansing at Danfoss business locations all around the world?One ERP is the foundation of Danfoss’ digital transformation. It will give Danfoss speed and flexibilityenabling us to give a better digital customer experience. This will be possible by having aligned businessprocesses, SAP configurations, business forms, master data definitions and training material across theentire organization. You will join a highly motivated One ERP Program Team, with members from the four Danfoss segments and key corporate functions. Together with business input, they have built the system, established various interfaces and mapped business processes upfront, using the latest technology available. The implementation of One ERP is running and an ambitious three-year roadmap is in place and will cover all Danfoss’ entities across the world. Analysis and coordination of data cleansing activitiesAs our new Data Cleansing Analyst, you will become part of the Central Data Cleansing Team (Business), with responsibility to plan, follow up and facilitate cleansing activities before roll in releases. You will work closely together with team colleagues including consultants, the data migration teams and many local stakeholders, which will include a lot of virtual teamwork. This position is for now located in Flensburg, Germany but over time it can be moved to e.g. Nordborg, Denmark, so you need to be flexible regarding the location.   Your key tasks will be to:

Provide business segment and data expertise (data objects structure knowledge)
Provide knowledge of Data Cleansing rules and standards specific to the individual business segments
Analyze requirements and design new Data Cleansing rules (when required)
Design Data Cleansing solutions and initiatives
Setup the BODS- and SAP IS system landscape supporting the Data Cleansing activities

Data expert with good communications skillsWe minimum expect you to have a relevant Bachelor’s degree combined with some years of experience within the business area, understanding principles of Data Management and knowledge of data systems and processes. More importantly, you have solid experience within data cleansing, alternatively experience from SAP/ERP implementation and/or operation. You are used to working for a big company with many stakeholders, and you have a wide business process background with a broad understanding of SAP data objects. You have strong communication skills and intercultural competencies.On a more personal note, you are results-oriented, analytical, structured and systematic. You are both self-driven and a good team player, you are used to working in an international environment, and you can communicate across all levels in an organization. Last, but not least, you are fluent, in business English, both written and verbal.As a One ERP Program member, you get the opportunity to work in a high-profile Danfoss program. You will join an international and dynamic team, who is used to working under pressure and collaborating to reach key deadlines and goals. Being part of the One ERP Program means that you will be a key player in Danfoss’ digital journey, helping to create a better digital customer experience and enable growth in Danfoss. For further information about the position,please contact Central Data Cleansing Team Lead, Kjeld Lorenzen Fruelund at +45 7488 3366 or +45 2966 8774.Please apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline but accept applications as long as the job is posted.The position will be closed down once we have found the right candidate.]