[Do you want to ensure that our digital marketing efforts run with extreme precision & ease? Are you passionate about social media marketing and technology and want to join a high paced marketing team? Then this role is for you.Founded in 2010, we’re perhaps too mature now to still call ourselves a startup. But we’ve retained our startup ethos of encouraging autonomy, ambition, boldness and experimentation. Working in this kind of environment is a very rewarding choice, but it also requires a certain personality. We value open people who take initiative and aren’t afraid to fail, learn from mistakes, adjust, and try new things.As a professional, you love structure, processes, data and tooling. You don’t love it just because it’s cool (trust us, we believe it’s cool), you love it because of how it can help teams increase performance. As our Marketing Operations Specialist, you’ll work within all of these areas while supporting our teams, quarterly projects and driving your own projects from beginning to end.What you'll do:


Help build & maintain relevant reporting to provide our team with insights & direction
Ensure clear processes and structures are in place for our team
Support the end-to-end process for all campaigns including builds, documentation, and reporting
Assist with quarterly review & planning
Take ownership of our marketing tooling & process within our growth team
Research, evaluate and implement tools and technology that will enable campaign innovation and improve performance
Support developing and optimizing our processes around CRO and SEO
What you have:


Strong knowledge about web analytics, wordpress and CRO tools
Ability to quickly and efficiently analyze marketing & sales data and provide insightful analysis of that data
Broad knowledge of both SEO and CROA basic understanding of copywriting &, creative
Experienced within digital marketing
A knack for project management in a fast paced environment
A strong understanding of sales & marketing funnels
Experience from a SaaS, MarTech or subscription-based company is an advantage.
What we offer


Open, informal and multinational working environment
An opportunity to work with companies of all sizes including large international brands in a cross-border context
High level of responsibility and excellent career opportunities
Flexible working hours
Lunch, drinks and healthy snacks daily
Social events like friday bar, company outings and more
About Falcon.io
Falcon.io provides a unified SaaS platform for social media listening, engaging, publishing and managing customer data. We enable our clients to explore the full potential of digital marketing by managing multiple customer touch points from one platform. Our platform has already achieved great international traction in the market, with its technology endorsed by partnerships with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Founded as Falcon Social in Copenhagen in 2010, we now also have offices in New York City, Berlin and Budapest. We’re a highly diverse team, and we’re always looking for passionate and curious people who want to be part of a fast-paced, high-energy environment.
For any questions regarding this position, please write us on jobs@falcon.io.]