[Are you a talented frontend developer with a passion for building great products? Do you care about creating products that helps our customers getting better at what they do? Would you like to work with the newest technologies and tools and learn from highly skilled colleagues?  Make a difference – join Schneider ElectricAt Schneider Electric, we help our customers make the most of their energy by being the best at what we do. You will join 60 dedicated colleagues in our software R&D department in Kolding, Denmark. We create cloud-based software that manages and monitors global data centers of all sizes. Our development methods are based on good agile principles inspired by SCRUM and Kanban.   To learn more about what we do, please visit: https://se-dmaas.com      Develop and operate cloud-based data center management softwareAs our new frontend developer, you ensure that the user experience of our products is great in every way from on-boarding to everyday use. Working as part of a cross-functional development team, you will develop, test and drive our data center applications. You do so using TypeScript through JavaScript frameworks such as Angular and Redux. You will enjoy the freedom to do what you think is right for the customer.  You do so by analyzing user insights and error reports while making use of our full knowledge of how and when our users use the applications. This you use to make the applications even better. Who are you?We are looking for a frontend developer who is interested in building software that helps our customers managing their data centers efficiently. Your focus is on front-end development, but you also have the acumen to influence the API.  So, you:Hold a degree focusing on software development, e.g. within the fields of Computer Science, Software Engineering - or another relevant IT educationCare just as much about finish as functionality, and you go the extra mile to ensure that your applications are awesome to use, so you probably have some flair for UX and design.Can build applications against cloud back-ends, and you are not afraid of looking at back-end code.Work in a fun and collaborative international environmentOur development is based in Kolding, but you will also collaborate with teams in Boston, US, and Bangalore, India. Across all three sites, you will meet a work environment focused on work-life balance, collaboration and creativity. To help our team members grow, we regularly provide training across multiple topics, be it the latest technology, new development processes, or personal development. Interested?If you have questions regarding this position, please contact Senior Program Manager, Søren Mikkelsen, +45 27 77 01 65 or Engineering Director Anders Jensen +45 42 30 78 44. Please apply before April 3rd, 2018.Please include your CV and educational records with your application. We will call for interviews as we receive the applications so don’t hesitate. We look forward to hearing from you.]