[The Inbound Supply Management department, part of Novo Nordisk Sourcing Operations in Bagsværd, is looking for four new Change Request (CR) Professionals. Main responsibility will be driver of changes to materials in the supply chain and implementation of new suppliersAbout the departmentYou get the opportunity to join an international, high performing department in Bagsværd, Denmark, responsible for the inbound supply chain of direct spend materials in Novo Nordisk and a part of the central Supply Chain Management organisation. We are approximately 70 employees divided in 6 teams, who ensure reliable supply of quality products (raw and packaging materials) in regulatory compliance at a competitive cost to Novo Nordisk (NN) manufacturing sites globally.You will join a team with highly skilled employees working with implementing new supply chains for raw and packaging materials.We are looking for highly motivated, result and detail oriented colleagues, who take pride in delivering high quality work, on time and in a pro-active way.The positionCurrently, NN is building a large new Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) facility in the US. This includes implementation of new raw material suppliers and many other change requests to the existing supply chain set-up. On top of this, we have a lot of other changes to the existing material portfolio inherent to existing facilities requests or the R&D pipeline. The responsibility of the new CR Professionals will be to facilitate and implement these changes.Implementation of changes is done in close cooperation with our colleagues globally in Novo Nordisk. Changes could be implementing new items or suppliers, update of specifications on existing items coordinating changes within the supply chain. You will be working closely together with the Supply Managers, Supply Planners, Quality Assurance (QA) and other specialists to execute the changes in the best possible way. The number of stakeholders to manage can be quiet extensive, requiring the CR Professional to ensure that a certain request is agreed by all parties involved.You will be using our IT system NovoGlow in documenting the cases.It is a temporary position for 1 year.QualificationsWe expect you to have a higher education within a relevant discipline e.g. Engineering, with 2-3 years of relevant experience or equivalent other background with experience in handling documentation, changes, coordination and problem solving. Knowledge of Purchasing and Supply Chain Management will also be an asset. You possess excellent data management skills with high sense for details, analytical mind-set and an ability to work independently.You are persistent and used to coordinate actions and follow-up with many stakeholders. Understanding of the requirements and standards of the pharmaceutical industry is also expected.As a person you have a high energy, a positive mind-set and are open towards other people and new ideas. You are structured and well organised and handle systems and IT well. It is natural for you to work in a dynamic environment with many simultaneous tasks and changing priorities, while managing strict deadlines. You master English fluently, both written and spoken.We offer you an exciting job among great colleagues and in a positive working environment, providing a good platform for development within in the department or Novo Nordisk.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk we strive for excellence. As a world leader in diabetes care and a major player in haemostasis management, growth hormone therapy and hormone replacement therapy, we offer our employees opportunities for continuous growth.ContactFor further information, please contact Peter Eskild Jensen at +45 3079 2516 or Thomas Bollerup at +45 3075 3586.Deadline31 March 2018.]