[Linkfire is an innovative digital marketing tool aimed at the entertainment industry. We work with the biggest names in the music industry and route 50+ Million fans, every month, to the music they love. We are looking for a talented Senior Developer who has his roots and heart in the Front-end Stack, but who also has experience with and some interest in the back-end.
You will join a company with 40+ tech and music enthusiasts from all sides of the world. Rockers and DJs, soccer and basketball players, early twenties and late thirties - we have it all!
The Role:
We have built a successful first version of a metadata-product that serves as a strong core database for our other products on the platform. On top of this platform, we have developed a rights-management application for the music industry. We are now in the process of building further products based on this platform as well as to scale it into a more sustainable system.To succeed we are looking for a Senior Developer who has his/her roots and heart in the Front-end Stack, but who also has experience with and some interest in the back-end. In this role, you will be working closely with our Lead Back-end Developer, and you will be the expert on all things front-end. The work on the metadata-product requires a good understanding of the .NET back-end logic of it and allows for an involvement with the back-end development as well. On top of this platform, we are further developing a stand-alone application, for a music industry client, that carries a fair amount of business/back-end logic within the front-end. We are now in the process of building further products based on this platform as well as to scale it into a more sustainable system.The stack you'll be meeting here is a PHP-backend that is waiting to be continued in C#/.NET and an Ember.js Frontend.We are looking for a colleague that has ideas and opinions on how to improve and further develop the application and our platform and that is eager to develop features which integrate seamlessly with our scalable system. You are passionate about finding solutions to non-standard challenges and feel motivated by discovering new solutions to our client's needs. We work in full-stack teams with front-end-,  back-end developers, Designers and QA's as part of each team and besides being believers in SCRUM we highly value our code quality and the truth of the Definition of Done.
Responsibilities:

In collaboration with the development team, build, maintain and optimize the product and ensure integration with our scalable platform
Contribute to our shared components across the product portfolio 
Participate and contribute with feedback in the decision making for front-end implementations
Optimize code and refactor when needed
Be able and willing to test and document your code
Report any issues you find
Stay updated on the field of front-end development through attending company training as well as self-education
Abilities and Skills:

+5 years of Front-end development in JavaScript based frameworks
Fluent with JavaScript/ES2015, SASS, HTML5
Experience using Ember.js or an interest in it is a big Plus
+1-2 years of Back-end development (ideally, C#. NET or PHP)
Experience with Responsive Webdesign
Experience in Test driven development
Familiar with JSONAPI
Driven by taking on responsibility and experienced in taking the lead on development
Strong executional skills and excellent team player
Comfortable with working in an international environment and fluent in English
Being familiar with the Scrum framework is a plus
About Linkfire:
We’re a passionate team of music techies on a mission to make music consumption easier for fans, labels and artists. The music industry is transforming constantly, the market is fragmented and split across many different platforms and services.
Physical sales are going down. Legal downloads and in particular streaming are gaining momentum.
The transformation will continue and the years to come will be very interesting. We want to contribute to the transformation by bringing music and fans closer. Not inside music services, but outside where fans and artists engage. Our approach is to index digital music across music services and provide smart links that routes fans directly to the music regardless of their location or which player or platform they use. It’s complex.
We make it simple.
 
What we offer:

The opportunity to create the must-have product for the music industry and ensure that every month over 50+ Million music fans worldwide get the best experience 
A truly international spirit, with over 20+ different nationalities working together in our office
An open, informal entrepreneurial startup working environment 
Great responsibilities and career possibilities
Pretty much the best lunch in the world.
Is that you? If so, submit your application in English and optionally a GitHub link and we’ll be in touch!]