[Would you like to obtain a PhD and work in close collaboration with industry on developing future operational maintenance strategies and practices? Then you might be our new colleague at DTU, Department of Mechanical Engineering, Section for Engineering Design and Product Development. The section focuses on product design as well as systematic development of products and service systems. Applied research is central to the projects at the section and there is a wide portfolio of collaborations with companies of different organizational sizes and within different industries. The Section’s strong competencies and knowledge within design methods is being expanded with a new focus on operational activities to reflect the development in industry. The field of research focuses on systematic optimization of maintenance operations with an initial focus on the oil and gas industry. The research focuses on process optimization and asset management and relies on a quantitative approach, where historical data is analysed and future scenarios simulated, to create solutions that have sustainable impact on future operations. Responsibilities and tasks The overall objective is to develop models for describing and developing modular maintenance architectures for entire systems. This requires that maintenance tasks can be segmented in order to optimize and configure maintenance strategies for the different segments. The benefit is a decrease in non-value adding variance and an increase in the effectiveness of the maintenance. In your daily work, you will be a part of a dedicated research team that works in close collaboration on developing the research field. You will face a steep learning curve and experience direct industry collaboration with one of the biggest companies operating in Denmark. You will be able to create value in both academia and industry and therefore have a strong position to continue your career within both. In practice, the job will require you to: • Manage and carry through your own research project, be self-starting and to take initiative in shaping and driving your project forward. • Work in structured and data-driven manner in order to analyse, synthesize and develop maintenance architecture methodology. • Take relevant PhD courses (30 ECTS). • Publish in international peer reviewed journals and write a PhD thesis. • Actively engage in teamwork with the other PhDs as well as with industry partners. • Facilitate workshops and meetings with colleagues and company stakeholders. Qualifications Candidates should have a master's degree in engineering or a similar degree with an academic level equivalent to the master's degree in engineering. Approval and Enrolment The scholarship for the PhD degree are subject to academic approval, and the candidates will be enrolled in one of the general degree programmes of DTU. For information about the general requirements for enrolment and the general planning of the scholarship studies, please see the DTU PhD Guide here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/PhD/Rules/PhDguide. Assessment The assessment of the applicants is conducted by the Head of Section, Professor Niels Henrik Mortensen and might involve rounds of both virtual and in person interviews. We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 3 years. Primary workplace is DTU Lyngby Campus, but with frequent visits at the collaboration partner Maersk Oil in Esbjerg. You can read more about career paths at DTU here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/about/job-and-career/working-at-dtu/career-paths. Further information Further information may be obtained from Professor Niels Henrik Mortensen, tel.: +45 4525 6275. You can read more about Department of Mechanical Engineering on http://www.mek.dtu.dk. Application Please submit your online application no later than 20 April 2018 (local time). Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online", fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include: • A letter motivating the application (cover letter) • Curriculum vitae • Grade transcripts and BSc/MSc diploma • Excel sheet with translation of grades to the Danish grading system (see guidelines and excel spreadsheet here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/phd/Applicant/Pre_acceptance-1-) Candidates may apply prior to ob¬tai¬ning their master's degree but cannot begin before having received it. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Mechanical Engineering covers the fundamental engineering disciplines within Solid mechanics, Fluid mechanics, Coastal and Maritime Engineering, Energy systems and energy conversion, Materials and Surface Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering, Engineering design and Product development. The department has a scientific staff of about 135 persons, 100 PhD students and a technical/administrative support staff of about 85 persons. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]