[Manager – Data Protection Compliance, Carlsberg Group
Do you want to define and implement data protection legal requirements across the Carlsberg Group together with an engaged organization?
This role offers you a great opportunity to use your extensive legislative knowledge in a truly global context, where you will cooperate with all markets to have a sustainable data protection. You will own and drive the legal part of the global data protection agenda and e.g. drive development and roll out of templates, support BCR implementation and others.
Together with dedicated local data protection officers, senior security officers in Carlsberg’s IT organization, and a substantial project organization, you will drive data protection according to Carlsberg Group approach. In your role, you will be able to act as expert and trusted advisor to the business, and you are exposed to stakeholders across the regions. You will report to the Senior Director for Data Protection Compliance that is part of the Global Legal Management Team. You will work out of the Central Office in Valby.
The job
Your the role will be to support the Strategic owner of the global data protection agenda with data protection legal expertise, where you in detail are able to advise, define and implement the needed requirements based on risk assessment of the legislation. Due to your great passion about your specialist area, it comes natural to you to keep updated and take part in discussions about data protection across the Group and externally via networks, based on which you can continuously advise and discuss best practice. Your responsibility includes that the policies are accepted and lived across the Group and countries.
Some of your important stakeholders and partners are GBS (IT organization) to ensure the legal content is reflected within the IT procedures and architecture, and others include Commercial regions, Group Commercial, Group HR, Group Legal and Carlsberg Integrated Supply Chain function.
 
Your future role in brief

Support Group Data Protection program and governance
Lead the data protection network and best practice sharing within the data protection community
Define and implement tools and templates to ensure data protection compliance
Give legal input and approval to adequate training to ensure law compliance
Inform key stakeholders in functions and local markets about new developments / new legal requirements
Day to day legal work related to Data protection.
 
Your profileThe ideal candidate has an analytical and methodological approach, and with the ability to balance between details and the holistic picture. It is natural for you to risk assess yours and others’ decisions, where you act as trusted advisor letting your “customers” know the consequences of their actions and offer them concrete guidance. You know “your” legislation in-depth, but you can also use your knowledge in a pragmatic and flexible way, based on the business needs. In everything you do, you seek to act solution oriented, independently and with a strong customer orientation, and where you communicate your solutions in an understandable and convincing way. In general, you are used to operating in an environment with sense-of-urgency, a constant need for (re-)prioritizations, and continuous communication about activities and changes.
 
Your profile in brief

University law degree (master of laws)
Preferably international or regional experience in data protection, either from the business side or from a legal firm
Considered to a GDPR expert, and strong in the legal implications of and grey zones in GDPR
General IT literacy and good knowledge of IT systems and procedures
Process thinking, experience in optimizing processes and procedures
Strong stakeholder management skills
Fluent in oral and written English. Any other language is an asset.
 
What Carlsberg offers? As Manager, you will become an active part of the complete GDPR program from a business point of view, and GDPR is extensive and global, and well-anchored at executive level. You will also be working in a unique culture that has existed since the beginning in 1847, and the rich heritage by giving back to society infuse the organization. The working environment is characterized by proudness, passion and “Our Purpose” i.e. brewing for a better today and tomorrow.
The applicationWe will review applications on an ongoing basis, therefore please apply as soon as possible. For more information and questions, please contact Assignment Manager Marc Henkelman or Managing Partner Camilla Svendsen from Hudson on +45 70 27 77 33. Hudson is the agency supporting Carlsberg in the selection.  
To apply, please send your application and resume to dk@hudson.dk.
 
A Multinational Company with a Proud Local Heritage
With over 42,000 employees, Carlsberg Group brings a strong local presence to 40 different markets in Europe and Asia. We are constantly developing our business to bring the best products possible to
consumers around the world and it is important for us to be a successful, professional and attractive workplace.
 
A Multinational Company with a Proud Local Heritage
With over 42,000 employees, Carlsberg Group brings a strong local presence to
40 different markets in Europe and Asia.
We are constantly developing our business to bring the best products possible to
consumers around the world and it is important for us to be a successful, professional
and attractive workplace.]