[DEVELOP APPLICATIONS TO THE BEST BASEBALL PLAYERS IN THE WORLD
Are you a passionate .NET software developer? 
 
Take this unique opportunity to join a great distributed team of 10+ highly-skilled dedicated IT professional who develop and maintain applications for amateur baseball players and professional baseball organizations all over the world. The team is responsible for the software development from concept to launch working in technologies like NoSQL, C#, ASP.NET, HTML5 and Xamarin.  We translate baseball data captured by our cutting-edge radar and vision systems into user-friendly insights and display them via variety of client and server platforms including internally developed Xamarin Apps. Our key services vary from providing 3D baseball flight measurements to supporting large amateur baseball events with professional live broadcasting.
 
Requirements
 
Are you our new collegue?
You have an educational background within computer science (or equivalent). You have excellent knowledge of  C# and great .NET programming skills. You deliver high-quality and loosly coupled implementations. You know OOD, unit testing, design patterns and Continuous Integration. You are a team player following and improving the team processes and best practices. You are interested in knowing why application requirements are what they are.
 
So what does TrackMan do?
Simply put, we help athletes get better at their game through data. We currently operate within golf, baseball, tennis, soccer, and the Olympic Games. The world’s absolute top performers, as well as the serious amateur striving for improvement, rely on our data to gain that critical, competitive edge. TrackMan has a global footprint with its headquarter located in Denmark and offices in Poland, New York, Phoenix and Tokyo, and a dedicated, global sales force. Visit our website to learn more http://www.trackman.com.
 
Join a great company!
TrackMan’s blend of sports, cutting-edge technology and strong growth make it a unique work place. Our pioneering and entrepreneurial spirit questions the status quo, and we strive to remain customer-centric while pursuing our ambitious goals. The work culture is informal, yet rewarding as you will collaborate with some of the best brains in Denmark in the areas of algorithms, radar technology, computer vision, software development, coding, embedded software and hardware development. TrackMan's state-of-the-art technologies are conceptualized, engineered and developed by combining engineering know-how with an embracing and an ever-diversified pool of cultures and talents.  TrackMan A/S is a privately held Danish company established in 2003. We are some 200 people worldwide, of which 100 work at our headquarters in Vedbæk where this position is also based.
 
 
Apply today and join a company with great technologies, great colleagues, and great opportunities to grow.
Please send your application and CV to us as soon as possible.  Interviews are taking place on an ongoing basis. For further information, please contact HR Manager Lene Olesen at +45 5151 0546. We look forward to hearing from you.]