[Can you combine a solid commercial understanding with a keen technical interest and are you looking for a job where you have international responsibility and high impact?
If so, this is your opportunity to join Arla’s Procurement team and be part of an exciting transformation journey and create value for our dairies globally. Arla’s Procurement department is strengthening its position towards the global Arla organization through category based reporting lines and is increasing the number of employees to deliver on the ambitious targets.
Join Arla’s Procurement team, spread across Denmark, Sweden, Germany, the Netherlands, UK, Poland and Hong Kong. On behalf of our global organisation we manage procurement activities of an annual spend of ~3.5 billion EUR. You will work out of Aarhus, Leeds, Düsseldorf or Stockholm and report to our Procurement Director.
Sourcing CAPEX categories & projectsAs our new Procurement Category Manager you will be part of the Procurement team responsible for sourcing Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) projects for Arla’s ~65 production sites. As such, you will be working closely together with technical colleagues, project management teams and business stakeholders to;

Collaborate and implement the sourcing strategies for respective categories and relevant countries/regions
Support sourcing strategy through market studies to identify best practices, identify gaps, risks and opportunities as well as to identify new suppliers and develop a robust supplier base.
Facilitate and drive sourcing decisions through development and implementation of appropriate tools and processes
Develop and launch RFQs / RFPs (request for quotation/proposal) to select suppliers in targeted categories and countries
Analyze the proposals and make recommendations to key internal stake holders
Negotiate with the suppliers the quality, time and cost of solutions as well as other commercial terms and conditions
Draft contracts, lead contract ratification activities, assuring interaction with supplier and Legal teams;
In addition, you will establish, maintain and develop optimal relationships with our suppliers, ensuring that they meet agreed-upon quality standards and deliver on-time solutions, products and services.
Strategic Procurement experience and strong stakeholder management skillsYour background covers minimum 5 years’ of strategic procurement experience supplemented by a relevant degree. You have a solid understanding of complex production systems, which you may have acquired from working with procurement in the dairy or another production industry. You have strong procurement skills, including negotiating contract agreements plus rigorous data analysis capability and financial acumen, preferable through work in an international company.
You have well-versed stakeholder management skills and know how to develop strong relations with people across cultural borders and with various backgrounds. This includes applying a sound business understanding, an open mindset, strong collaboration skills and the ability to adapt your communication directly to all levels of the organization.
Personally, you see yourself as an outgoing, independently working change agent with a strong drive and win-win approach. You are motivated by achieving your goals both independently and in close collaboration with others. You are a team player who thrives in a dynamic, international work environment with many stakeholders and where objectives and priorities shift continuously. Lastly, you are fluent in written and spoken English.
Application and contactTo us, it’s not just about making dairy products. It’s about providing the ingredients vital to everyday life. Applications will be reviewed on an ongoing basis until right candidate is found.]