[(Location: Flexible in Denmark)
Job Description
Are you a dedicated specialist and do you bring a bright mind-set that would match the Danfoss One ERP Program and support Danfoss' digital transformation?Then join us and become a member of the One ERP team in the Design Authority, within the Sales and Distribution area. One ERP is one of the boldest and most ambitious projects that Danfoss has ever launched. Our mission is to roll-in 150 legal entities to the newest SAP HANA platform that has been customized to meet the Danfoss global business need. As One ERP Program member, you get the opportunity to work in a high-profile Danfoss program. You will join an international and dynamic team, who is used to working under pressure and collaborating to reach key deadlines and goals. For the right candidate, this journey will give you a unique opportunity to be part of an accelerated global program with cross-segment, multi-cultural and end-to-end process exposure and an accelerated career/competence development.We are currently looking for a Sales and Distribution Consultant. You will join the Sales and Distribution team within the Design Authority. We are a highly motivated team, with members from the four Danfoss segments and key corporate functions. The Design Authority is the owner of the design, maintenance and performance of the global ERP template and play a vital role in getting the global template implemented. Together we have mapped end-to-end business processes, built the system template and established various interfaces using the latest technology available.We are implementing aligned business processes, SAP configurations, business forms, master data definitions and training material across the entire organization. You will participate in the roll in of the template within the areas of customer master, pricing, order management, scheduling and order confirmation, logistic execution, billing and reverse logistics across Danfoss.Your main tasks and responsibilities will include:

Being the "face" of the template during roll in explaining how the template supports business
Participating in fit/gab workshop
Configuring the template
Evaluating new process requirements
Training
Test
Data migration
Key in these tasks will be continuous dialogs with local sites and team members from other teams.For the position, you ideally have solid sales and distribution process experience and project experience from similar positions, e.g. as business consultant from a consultancy or a super user from similar role within the business. We also expect you to be a strong communicator at all organization levels, a good listener and one who takes initiative even under unfamiliar or ambiguous circumstances. Last, but not least, you have strong SAP competences and are fluent in written and spoken English.For further information about the position, please contact Head of Sales & Distribution Kenneth Nielsen at +49 174 1948524 or HR Director Dan Kjaer at +45 2916 6359.Please apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline but accept applications as long as the job is posted. The position will be closed down once we have found the right candidate. 
 
Auto req ID
12791BR
 ]