[DescriptionDo you want to become a world class developer? And do you want to revolutionise one of the world's largest industries?Geniebelt is building software that will revolutionise the construction industry by providing a tool that gives full transparency in planning, execution and communication around any build - and substantial cost savings as well.From our office in central Copenhagen we help clients in more than 40 countries around the globe. We are successful and growing and we are now looking for a curious and smart developer who wants to join Geniebelt to help make us even more successful, while learning and having a good time.The jobAdding, maintaining, and refactoring our Ruby on Rails server software.Designing RESTful interfaces, optimizing database queries, and helping drive the future of our server-side development.Maintaining our cloud-based infrastructure.Work with the GenieLabs team to outline the future of our software. Currently, the focus is on developing meaningful third-party integrations to help us form an ecosystem of best-of-breed construction software in the cloud.Our development process:We use an agile development process inspired by Scrum and Kanban.Our sprints are generally 2 weeks long, so you’ll quickly experience the software development process multiple times.You’ll understand why you’re building what you’re building. We don’t want you to feel like a small cog in a big machine.You get to choose what you work on and how to approach it in each sprint.Your input is valued: You’ll work closely with other developers, the product owner, and designers, and your thinking will be an important contribution to the team.RequirementsYouHave some experience, not necessarily a lot, but you are good at what you do and others recognise that in you.Are curious and willing and able to learn.Like a challenge and venturing out into new territories.Have experience with web front end programming including Typescript.Have backend experience - would be nice if it is Ruby/RoR, nodejs or C#.Have experience with working with a relational database, eg. sql or ORM frameworks.BenefitsGenieBelt offers 25 days of paid holiday a year and flexible hours around core hours of 9:30 to 3:30. We offer catered lunches every single day where everyone eats together. Our sociable, central office in Copenhagen is a relaxed, fun space with a football table, tea and coffee, daily fruit, occasional cakes on Wednesdays and free beer on Fridays. There’s also occasional travel to Poland to meet and work with our Polish team.GenieBelt is a 4 year old startup with 40+ people. We are growing rapidly and our team has increased by more than 100% since last summer. Our people come from 10+ countries and we believe in clear commitments and respectful disagreements, we support each other. GenieBelt is also a transparent and egalitarian environment: everyone knows each other and everyone knows how the company is doing.We believe teams are stronger when they are diverse. We strive to be inclusive and transparent in our recruitment and in the way we approach our work, and we avoid office politics and gossip.You can find more information on our website: http://www.geniebelt.com. We are looking forward to hear from you.]