[Would you like to work with the newest technologies in an organization, which supports innovation, creativity and quality? Do your ambitions include using your current experiences to specify and design embedded electronics products with external development partners? Maersk Container Industry is looking for a position as Embedded System Engineer with experience in electronics product development and embedded software development.Show More We offerAs Embedded System Engineer you will be part of a highly engaged team working with one of the most advanced products in the industry, the Star Cool (SC) Refrigeration machine. You will be part of a team that contributes to further developing innovative solutions at the highest standard, which sets the benchmark for the global intermodal container industry. You will gain a unique insight into our Global organization and exciting industry. In your everyday work, you will experience a high degree of independence in a flexible work environment where innovation and quality are prioritized on equal terms with personal and professional welfare.Show More Key responsibilitiesOur future Embedded System Engineer will help to drive various projects, from product specification to product validation and verification. He/she will plan and execute with both internal and external stakeholders. Responsibilities will include:• Translate product and system strategy into features and requirements.• Create and update product specifications• Be main point of contact for technical questions and clarifications towards external suppliers• Ensures that product design and design documentation is done according to MCI’s requirements. • Be accountable for product test and validation. We are looking forIn order to succeed in this job, we expect you to have:• Several years of practical experience with electronics product development and embedded software development (experience in PC software, embedded Linux, Web, Mobile development and knowledge in hardware development, such as communication technologies, able to read schematics are preferred but not prerequisite.)• Experience in writing product requirements and test specifications • A degree at BSc or MSc level in a relevant engineering or computer science discipline• Effective planning and organizational skills, with the ability to adapt in a fast-paced work environment.• Ability and personal skills to successfully manage relationships with key stakeholders• A structured and detail oriented approach to your daily tasks.Your critical mind set ensures that you are able to work on several projects simultaneously without compromising quality. You take pride in taking full responsibility for driving your tasks and projects.Applications will be reviewed continually and the advert is closed when a suitable candidate has been identified.For further information, please contact: Ying Sun, HR Site Manager by hr@mcicontainers.com  Maersk Container Industry A/S (MCI), a part of A.P. Moller-Maersk Group, is a global company manufacturing world-class transportation equipment solutions to a global customer base. MCI is headquartered in Denmark with offices in Tinglev and Copenhagen, while production facilities are situated in China and Chile. The MCI Group at present employs around 5 ,500 employees globally. MCI offers three unique products: dry containers, reefer containers and Star Cool reefer machines. The products are sold to customers all over the world. MCI has established their business over a relatively short period of time and is today considered to be one of the most significant players within the industry in general, and within reefer containers and reefer machines in particular. You can learn more about the products and MCI on http://www.mcicontainers.com ;]