[DTU Management Engineering is offering a PhD scholarship in the area of cyclist safety and behaviour. The PhD student will be attached to the division of Technology and Innovation Management. The division is organised within four research groups: Innovation, Design and Entrepreneurship; Industrial Dynamics and Strategy; Ethics of Technology, and Human Factors. The PhD student will be affiliated with the Human Factors group, and the research will be carried out in collaboration with Transport DTU and relevant national and international stakeholders. Based on state-of-the art in the field, the objective of the scholarship is to contribute to high-level research based knowledge on cyclist behaviour and safety relevant for future efforts to increase safe cycling among subgroups of cyclists. Specifically the objective is to identify, map and predict engagement in different risk-taking behaviours such as the use of technology while cycling and cycling while impaired by alcohol etc. Further, the objective is to provide research based explanations for cyclists’ engagement in safety-critical behaviours while taking influence from individual characteristics, parents and peers into account. Responsibilities and tasks With this scholarship, the department wants to strengthen its capabilities in research, teaching and public sector consultancy within traffic psychology. We are seeking candidates, who are committed to high quality research that will impact the field, and who can interact effectively with scholarly and industry peers. As part of the PhD study, the candidate is expected to collaborate with external stakeholders and contribute to the wider knowledge exchange with society at large. Qualifications Candidates should have a master's degree in engineering, psychology or a similar degree with an academic level equivalent to the master's degree in engineering. Approval and Enrolment The scholarship for the PhD degree is subject to academic approval, and the candidates will be enrolled in one of the general degree programmes of DTU. For information about the general requirements for enrolment and the general planning of the scholarship studies, please see the DTU PhD Guide (http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/PhD/Rules/PhDguide). Assessment A committee headed by Professor John Paulin Hansen will assess the applicants. In the assessment, consideration will be given to the candidates’ competences in: •Human behaviour and traffic psychology (preferentially social psychology, cognitive psychology, environmental psychology). •Survey design and experimental study design; methods of data collection (e.g. experiments, qualitative/qualitative questionnaires, interviews, observations). •Methods of multivariate data analysis (e.g. structural equation modelling, latent class analysis and regression analysis). •English and one of the Scandinavian languages (spoken and written). We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 3 years. The workplace is at DTU´s Lyngby Campus; however, a half-year-stay at a foreign university is expected. You can read more about career paths at DTU here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/career/meet-our-people/career-paths. Further information Further information may be obtained from Senior Researcher Mette Møller, tel.: +45 4525 6537, mette@dtu.dk; Professor John Paulin Hansen, tel.: +45 4046 9626, jpha@dtu.dk, Professor/acting Head of Department Per Dannemand Andersen, tel.: +45 4525 4535, pean@dtu.dk. You can read more about DTU Management Engineering on http://www.man.dtu.dk/English. Application Please submit your online application no later than 2 April 2018 (local time). Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online", fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include: •A letter motivating the application (cover letter) •Curriculum vitae •Grade transcripts and BSc/MSc diploma •Excel sheet with translation of grades to the Danish grading system (see guidelines and excel spreadsheet here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/phd/Applicant/Pre_acceptance-1-) Candidates may apply prior to ob­tai­ning their master's degree, but cannot begin before having received it. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Management Engineering contributes actively to the development of management tools and optimization of processes by using and re-thinking theoretical engineering perspectives, models and methods. Through our research and teaching, we ensure an innovative, competitive and sustainable organization and use of technologies within areas such as energy and climate, transportation, production, and health, both domestic and abroad. DTU Management Engineering has 340 employees; including an academic staff of 190 and 68 PhD students. More than 20% of our employees are from abroad and in all 38 different nationalities are represented at the Department. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]