[At the VELUX Group, we give you the chance to grow. To shape your own career. To work in an international environment. To be part of a company that leads the market in sustainable indoor living. We offer you a world of opportunities – if you have the ability and the drive to take them. Discover more at velux.com/career or velux.dk/karriere We are on a journey to implement a new Product Information Management (PIM) system to support our growth strategy. Would you like to be part of the journey?
This is your chance be our PIM expert and take responsibility for continuing the implementation and ensuring optimal support to the whole company. Your challenges In Kolding, you will join the Global Master Data office and form part of the service team of 5 members that deliver excellent support service and high-quality data to the entire VELUX Group. As our master data specialist, you will support your colleagues and external stakeholders on all PIM-related issues and questions that may arise. Furthermore, you will be involved in the tactical planning of our PIM project, and you will take part in further establishing the processes needed to support our colleagues and customers. 
More specifically, you will:

ensure that relevant and high-quality data is available in PIM
be the point of contact and support PIM users and data owners
design, configure and operate automated data load tools
prepare data extracts to internal and external customers
contribute to continuous improvement of our processes 
“This is truly a global job in a global organisation. You will have the opportunity to deliver service to colleagues and customers all around the world combining data, people and technology. To help you do this, you will be in close contact with your team leader, a dedicated project team and a network of colleagues that will happily share their expert knowledge with you,” says Director of Group Master Data, Uffe Stelman.
Your qualifications You are proactive by nature and understand the value of well-planned processes combined with high data quality provided at the right time in the right place. You are furthermore comfortable working with operational tasks such as preparing data extracts and providing day-to-day support to colleagues and customers. You are also structured and comfortable with deadlines and have a healthy dose of curiosity that drives you to obtain solid knowledge of our PIM solution. 
Furthermore, you:Your opportunities Operating PIM is new to the VELUX Group. As our new master data specialist, you therefore get the opportunity to shape the future direction of the PIM support operation and work with data from a customer’s perspective.
“This will be a unique chance to shape the role and your responsibilities. We value initiative and will gladly listen to your ideas and opinions,” concludes Uffe Stelman. Application and contact If you would like to know more about this opportunity and the VELUX Group, please feel free to contact Director of Global Master Data, Uffe Stelman, at +45 61 63 04 95.
We look forward to receiving your application and CV as soon as possible and no later than June 17th 2018. 

have a background working with data management within a global organisation, making you familiar with data management systems and comfortable with handling big data sets
have an analytical mindset, enabling you to connect the dots between users, data and business processes
speak and write English fluently and have overall strong communication skills
are able to travel 10-20 days per year
have knowledge of Stibo’s PIM solution STEP, though it is not a prerequisite
Application deadline: 17-06-2018Work place: KoldingFor more information: Uffe Stelman, phone: +45 61 63 04 95
Our company
For 75 years, the VELUX Group has created better living environments for people around the world; making the most of daylight and fresh air through the roof. Our product programme includes roof windows and modular skylights as well as a range of decoration and sun screenings, roller shutters, installation solutions and intelligent home controls. These products help to ensure a healthy and sustainable indoor climate, for work and learning, for play and pleasure. We work globally – with sales and manufacturing operations in more than 40 countries and around 9,500 employees worldwide. The VELUX Group is owned by VKR Holding A/S, a limited company wholly owned by foundations and family.
For more information, visit http://www.velux.com]