[DTU Compute invites talented candidates who have obtained remarkable results during their M.Sc. studies and who have demonstrated promise and potential in their field of study, to apply for PhD scholarships. The starting date is expected to be in the fall 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter. You can apply for fully funded or partially funded scholarships from DTU Compute. For partially funded DTU Compute scholarships, documentation for the remaining funding must be provided with the application. The purpose of the co-funded scholarships is to increase the total volume of scholarships and to promote innovation in collaboration with external parties. Our department is an internationally unique academic environment spanning the science disciplines mathematics, statistics and computer science. At the same time, we are an engineering department developing informatics and communication technologies in their broadest sense. DTU Compute strives to achieve research excellence in its basic science disciplines, to achieve technological leadership in research and innovation, and to address societal challenges in collaboration with partners at DTU and other academic institutions, nationally and internationally, and, equally important, with industries and organizations. We play a central role in education at all levels of the engineering programs at DTU - both in terms of our scientific disciplines and our didactic innovation. Projects The research topic of the PhD project is open, but it must be related to the main research areas of the department as found in the section descriptions: • Algorithms, Logic and Graphs (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Algolog) - The research of the Algorithms, Logic, and Graphs section covers Algorithmic, Computational Logic, and Graph Theory and is the scientific foundation for constructing robust, efficient, and intelligent software applications based on mathematically sound solutions • Cognitive Systems (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Cogsys)- The Section for Cognitive Systems research information processing in man and computer, with a particular focus on the signals they exchange ? audio, imagery, behavior ? and the opportunities these signals offer for modeling and prediction. • Cyber Security: (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Cyber) - Cyber security examines the methods, techniques and tools for securing computer systems that are accessible through a network, typically the Internet, which is often known as cyberspace. • Dynamical Systems (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Dynsys) - The mission of the section is to conduct fundamental, advanced, strategic and applied research in the area of dynamical systems. • Embedded Systems Engineering (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/ESE)- ESE conducts research in a broad range of topics central for design of modern embedded systems, including real-time systems, fault-tolerant and safety-critical systems, hardware/software codesign, concurrent and parallel programming, heterogeneous distributed multi-core architectures and execution platforms, as well as a range of models, methods and tools for the analysis, design and verification of such systems • Image Analysis & Computer Graphics (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Image) - From the analysis of wavelengths to the artificial world of computer graphics numerous application areas are found, and because of the development of algorithms and hardware applications appear in the home, car, industry and health care. Image analysis is often combined with visualization and modeling from computer graphics, why research and development in both areas are symbiotically combined. • Formal Methods - for safe and secure systems - In the section for Formal Methods we study techniques and tools that can make it possible to achieve these goals. We develop approaches for modelling systems and their properties • Mathematics (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Mathematics) - The section carries out fundamental mathematics research. We form the mathematical knowledge base for emerging new areas in the technical sciences, and we investigate new applications of pure mathematics. • Scientific Computing (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/SC) - The section's expertise includes many of the aspects of Scientific Computing: from the modeling of physical phenomena to designing, analyzing, and implementing the methodology for the solution of real-life problems. • Software Engineering (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/SE) - Software Engineering is the engineering discipline concerned with all phases and aspects of developing software, from its first vague idea to the implementation and maintenance of the product. • Statistics and Data Analysis (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/research/Stat) - The section is based on scientific competences within all sections at DTU Compute but has special emphasis on statistics, pattern recognition and software development The project description must be discussed with and accepted by the potential supervisor prior to the application. Qualifications The ideal PhD student is curious, creative, independent and yet able to collaborate as a team player in a research group. Candidates must hold a M.Sc. degree in engineering or an equivalent degree. Furthermore, good command of the English language is essential. Approval and Enrolment The scholarship for the PhD degree is subject to academic approval, and the successful candidate will be enrolled in the PhD School at DTU Compute. For information about the general requirements for enrolment and the general planning of the scholarship studies, please see the DTU PhD Guide: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/PhD/Rules/PhDguide. We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 3 years. Further information Further information concerning the application is available at the DTU Compute PhD homepage (http://www.compute.dtu.dk/english/education/phd) or by contacting the responsible PhD coordinator: Lene Matthisson, phone: + 45 4525 3377. Application As a requirement, the application must include a letter of confirmation signed by the relevant DTU supervisor, stating that the supervisor and the candidate have agreed upon the PhD project. Therefore, you must have established contact with a supervisor at DTU prior to submitting your application. Applications must be submitted in English and we must have your online application by 13 April 2018. To apply, please open the link in the red bar: "Apply online" (Ansøg online). Applications must be submitted electronically as one single PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. Applications must include the following documents: • This cover letter (http://www2.compute.dtu.dk/public/Coverletter-stipendieansoegning.pdf) • A personal application letter • Short description of the proposed PhD project (max 2 pages incl. references) • Acceptance in writing from a supervisor at DTU Compute • Documentation for B.Sc. and M.Sc. degree incl. list of courses • Excel sheet with calculation of weighted grade average (link here) • CV (incl. list of publications or other research experience) • Short CV incl. list of publications for the potential supervisor(s) Letters of recommendation may be included with the application. You may apply prior to obtaining their master's degree, but you cannot begin before having received it. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Compute has a total staff of 400 including 100 faculty members and 130 Ph.D. students. We offer introductory courses in mathematics, statistics, and computer science to all engineering programmes at DTU and specialised courses to the mathematics, computer science, and other programmes. We offer continuing education courses and scientific advice within our research disciplines, and provide a portfolio of innovation activities for students and employees. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies]