[Would you like to make a difference and be part of the work to develop the Electronic Patient Record Columna Clinical Information System? Are you experienced with Java and Android? Then we have the job for you.You will use the latest technologies to make a difference For a number of years, Systematic has contributed to the digitalization of the healthcare system, for instance through our clinical information system, Columna, which collects all the patient’s data in one place and forms an integrated IT workplace for the clinician. Our solution is currently experiencing dynamic growth and we therefore need skilled developers to develop tomorrow’s functionality with us.As a Software Developer for Columna CIS, you will work closely with the customer and have the opportunity to make a difference for all users of the system, namely doctors and nurses. You will become part of an agile and self-organising team of skilled colleagues, where you will participate in a wide range of development-related tasks. You will be working with a wide variety of technologies, including but not limited to Java EE, JBoss, SQL, Git and Teamcity.You should apply for the job if you:Like to adopt an agile approach to work, with a high degree of autonomy to organize your own workLike complex and challenging development tasks that require a high degree of overview and skillsWant to take responsibility or joint responsibility for a wide range of development-related tasks within our system integrationsWant a day at work where you spend most of your time in a project team with Danish and international colleagues, usually consisting of 6-8 developers, a tester, a product owner and an architect, a domain expert, a graphic designer and a project manager associated with the teamWorld-class coworkers You will have influence on where your potential takes you at Systematic, regardless of whether a specialist role or leadership is what interests you. You will be joining an inspiring software house with world-class colleagues. We dare to challenge and develop each other and ourselves, and we constantly discuss our processes and look at how we can develop software even more smartly. Cooperation in the team is based on mutual trust and a passion for creating the strongest solutions for the customers. Together we build a culture that allows each employee to make the decisions that make sense in our work life.You have ambitions for the product and your own development You will have a theoretical background in an area such as computer science, engineering or the like and a minimum of 5 years of experience with software development. Only experienced developers will be considered for the job.We expect that you will:Have a thorough understanding of Java and AndroidBe willing and able to guide talented colleaguesBe able to perform occasional architect-related tasksBe able to take the lead when the solution needs to be defined and described in small slicesHave a strong drive and manage to get the rest of the team on-boardYou work analytically, in a structured manner, and take pride in understanding and solving complex challenges. You are ambitious and have the will and ability to continuously improve and develop yourself and others. You work methodically and have a good sense of the details. Experience as a developer in healthcare IT or medicine is a plus.We work with security-classified projects, and therefore, you as an employee at Systematic need to have security clearance. Read more here: http://systematic.com/clearance.Have we not answered all of your questions?We continuously assess applications, as we wish to fill the position as soon as possible. Place of work is Aarhus. We look forward to hearing from you.]