[Can you lead and inspire a team of highly competent and independent employees responsible for Quality Assurance (QA) at our suppliers world-wide? Do you like to work in an international environment with many different stakeholders and do you feel motivated by challenges requiring a high level of professional competency and leadership experience? Then you might be the right leader for the External Manufacturing QA team in Device Manufacturing & Sourcing (DMS).We are looking for an enterprising and dedicated Associate Manager who will be responsible for the quality of our manufacturing of components at our suppliers. The components are delivered to our medical devices worldwide.About the departmentOur department consists of approximately 47 highly qualified QA engineers having the responsibility for quality assurance of our production internally and externally. You will be part of a dynamic management group where we are responsible for achieving ambitious goals for DMS QA and for DMS Operation impacting the global supply chain of prefilled devices for all international Novo Nordisk production facilities. As such communication with all levels of management in logistics and consuming departments/sites is part of the function. We appreciate achieving the results by mutual help and with positive support and you will always have adequate sparring right at hand when you need it.The positionYou will head up the DMS External Manufacturing QA team consisting of 10 employees. The team is responsible for the quality of the manufacturing of plastic components, pre-assemblies and metal springs from our Suppliers worldwide. Activities are coordinated in close corporation with our many stakeholders both internally in DMS and in other parts of Novo Nordisk. It will be your responsibility to proactively ensure the development of the team in a quality and LEAN perspective. You will be responsible for the compliance, standards and safety instructions including GMP and ISO to ensure the products from our Suppliers are delivered in compliance with Novo Nordisk regulations.You continuously follow up on the team’s performance and manage board meetings to provide a complete overview and coordinate your team tasks. The tasks include solving daily challenges, optimising core processes and improving the daily performance. You work with personal development and competencies, in which systematic training and systematic problem solving play a crucial role. Your leadership supports a LEAN culture where continuous improvement is a natural part of everyday work.We offer you an international managerial position with many exiting challenges giving you the possibility for individual development. You will be supported in your career path and together we will make plans for your further education. We prioritise a good work life balance and are located in Hillerød in nice surroundings and new facilities approximately 30 km north of Copenhagen.As our suppliers are located world-wide we expect you to have a yearly travel frequency of 15-20 days.QualificationsYou have at least 3-5 years of leadership experience. You have an education within engineering or other relevant science background supplemented with experience from production in GxP regulated companies. The ideal candidate has experience in ISO13485, cGMP, validation, Quality oversight and Lean. As the position requires major international interface and contact to different stakeholders, you have to be service-minded and utilise your credibility and your communication skills well when building trustful relations across departments and backgrounds.Furthermore, you are seen as goal-oriented with an ability to set ambitious and realistic goals and also achieving them. You are independent and not afraid to take the initiative, prioritise and make decisions. You have a mind for structure you are good at organising tasks and plans, your analysing skills are methodical and your strategies are based on data and knowledge. You are always working to improve your own skill set, and you are great at developing the potential of other people.Since we work in an international business environment, you must be proficient in speaking and writing English.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, you will help millions of people who are living with diabetes. We expect high performance and the ambition to make your mark on our business. In exchange, we offer a wide range of opportunities for professional and personal development.At Novo Nordisk, we strive for excellence. As a world leader in diabetes care and a major player in haemostasis management, growth hormone therapy and hormone replacement therapy, we offer our employees opportunities for continuous growth.ContactFor further information, please call Jacob Stenmann Valsborg at +45 3075 4798.Deadline2 April 2018.]