[One or two assistant professor positions in applied statistics are available at the Department of Mathematics, Aarhus University, Denmark, in the Applied Statistics Laboratory (aStatLab). The positions are for 2 years with the possibility of an extension of one year.  Job description: You will work at the Applied Statistics Laboratory at the Department of Mathematics with: 

Development and improvement of new statistical methods directed at, or inspired by, concrete applications in life and environmental sciences 
Statistical consultation and participation in research projects in several other departments of the Faculty of Science and Technology  
Contribution to teaching activities regarding statistics for non-statisticians 
Co-supervision of non-statisticians in statistical matters  The candidates are expected to provide statistical assistance and participate in a range of research projects (ideally involving different research groups or different departments at the Faculty of Science and Technology), and, in parallel, to work in methodological / theoretical development of statistical themes relevant to these research projects. The Applied Statistics Laboratory currently has lines of research within the following topics: extensions of generalized linear models of high complexity, highly complex graphical models, extensions of classical survival/event-history analysis, spatial statistics and incompletely observed data, but other research lines will certainly be relevant too. The Applied Statistical Laboratory is a new research group, supplementing the strong theoretical statistics and probability research groups at the Department of Mathematics; the assistant professor will also benefit from the rich academic environment in theoretical statistics and mathematical aspects of statistics.  Required qualifications and selection criteria: 

PhD in statistics or a closely related field 
Strong background in statistics and mathematics  
Fluency in spoken and written English.  The applicant should have an interest in applied statistics and research in statistical methodological developments inspired by applications in life and environmental sciences.  Place of Employment and Place of Work The place of employment is Aarhus University, and the place of work is Science and Technology, Ny Munkegade 118, DK-8000 Aarhus, Denmark.  Further information For further information about the positions and the department, please contact Head of Department Jacob Schach Møller, tel. +45 87155721, email jacob@math.au.dk, or the responsible for aStatLab Rodrigo Labouriau, tel. +45 87155735, e-mail rodrigo.labouriau@math.au.dk Letters of reference may be sent directly by referees to shradras@jobsys.au.dk no later than 14, May 2018 with the candidate’s name clearly stated in the subject field.   Application procedure Shortlisting is used. This means that after the deadline for applications – and with the assistance from the assessment committee chairman, and the assessment committee if necessary, – the head of department selects the candidates to be evaluated. The selection is made on the basis of an assessment of who of the candidates are most relevant considering the requirements of the advertisement. All applicants will be notified within 6 weeks whether or not their applications have been sent to an expert assessment committee for evaluation. The selected applicants will be informed about the composition of the committee and will receive his/her assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed a final letter of rejection is sent to the deselected applicants, including the main considerations emphasized during the selection process.   Formalities and salary range Science and Technology refers to the Ministerial Order on the Appointment of Academic Staff at Danish Universities under the Danish Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  http://www.au.dk/fileadmin/www.au.dk/Regelsamlingen/Bekendtgoerelse_nr__242_af_a3__MARTS_2012_-_ENGELSK_UDGAVE.pdf The application must be in English and include a curriculum vitae, degree certificate, a complete list of publications, a statement of future research plans and information about research activities, teaching portfolio and verified information on previous teaching experience (if any). Guidelines for applicants can be found here  http://scitech.au.dk/en/about-science-and-technology/vacant-positions/application-form-guide/ Appointment shall be in accordance with the collective labour agreement between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. Further information on qualification requirements and job content may be found in the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff at Danish Universities. (in Danish)  https://ufm.dk/lovstof/gaeldende-love-og-regler/uddannelsesinstitutioner/filer/job-structure-for-academic-staff-at-universities-2013.pdf Salary depends on seniority as agreed between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Confederation of Professional Associations.  All interested candidates are encouraged to apply, regardless of their personal background. Research activities will be evaluated in relation to actual research time. Thus, we encourage applicants to specify periods of leave without research activities, in order to be able to subtract these periods from the span of the scientific career during the evaluation of scientific productivity.  Aarhus University offers Relocation service to International researchers. You can read more about it here http://ias.au.dk/au-relocation-service/ Deadline All applications must be made online and received by: 14/5/2018  Please apply online here   http://www.au.dk/en/about/vacant-positions/scientific-positions/stillinger/Vacancy/show/966203/5283/]