[Are you passionate about producing quality code that is easy to maintain and understand? Are you interested in Java, Java FX, and Angular JS? If so, grab the opportunity to make a difference for soldiers in the field.The jobAs a developer you are a vital cog in the day-to-day efforts involved in developing effective IT solutions for our customers around the world. Your tasks consist mainly in the development of new features and the ongoing improvement of existing code and the development environment. Your work will make a difference for users and you will be able to make your mark on the functionality provided in SitaWare Frontline, which is one of our flagship products in the field of defence.You will be part of an agile and self-motivated team of talented colleagues where you will have responsibility for a wide range of development-related tasks. We are looking for several different people, so you may be working on back-end development or front-end development on a Java SE platform. You will have the opportunity to be Scrum Master or have a technical architect role if you are interested in one.Apply for this position if you:Are passionate about producing quality code that is easy for others to maintain and understandAre passionate about products that are part of a larger product suite used for mission-critical purposesEnjoy complex tasks relating to a large code base spanning a wide range of different technologiesWant to be part of a highly qualified team of more than 30 developers who teach you something new every dayAre driven by the quality of your work and pride yourself in understanding complex solutions and customer challengesYour skills and personalityYou have relevant training in, e.g., computer science or engineering, and have at least five years’ experience in software development.We expect you to have experience in:Product development and maintenanceJava, ideally including Java FX or similarAngularJS or general JavaScript development in a single-page web applicationYou enjoy working in close collaboration with your colleagues within an agile environment and are able to take the lead in the definition and development of the solution. You are analytical and structured and take pride in understanding and providing quality solutions to complex challenges. You are ambitious and willing and able to always improve and evolve and to help others to do the same.Systematic offersOur IT solutions make it simpler for the users to make critical decisions. In the defence and healthcare sectors, critical decisions often concern matters of life and death. In both the private and the public sector, our solutions must handle large amounts of data, e.g. in the library sector with more than 50 million yearly loans. To be able to continue the development of solutions that customers trust, we continuously challenge each other, our work processes and technologies. We have a highly pro-active education and training policy with defined career paths and internal pro-active Knowledge Networks.We stay constantly focused on making everything better. Our unique combination of strong principles from CMMI and the best aspects of LEAN and Scrum enable us to develop reliable, high-quality solutions for our customers and to deliver them to the agreed price and deadline. We work in teams, and some of our teams include well-integrated insourced developers.We prioritise a sensible balance between work and private life, and our agile approach provides you with an excellent opportunity of being able to plan your own tasks and working hours to a great extent. We value social cohesion at the workplace and have a very active staff association.Because we also work with security classified projects, all Systematic personnel must have security clearance.Have we not answered all of your questions?We continuously assess applications, as we wish to fill the position as soon as possible. Place of work is Aarhus. We look forward to hearing from you.]