[ Linkfire is looking for a full-time Group Product Manager. In this hybrid role, you will get the chance to be part individual contributor with your own product team and part first level people manager for a small team of Product Owners.
You will join a company with roots and heart in music, a team of 40+ tech and music enthusiasts from all sides of the world. Rockers and DJs, soccer and basketball players, early twenties and late thirties - we have it all!
The Role:
As Group Product Manager at Linkfire, you will have two main responsibilities. You will be leading the development of a new product team in the area of 3rd party data integration and API-business as the Senior Product Manager. You will take a leading role in shaping the business vision for this product and in turning this vision into value for our clients and business partners. You develop the product steadily with clear release plans and goals and work with the development team towards innovative solutions.
The second side of this role is to directly manage a small team of Product Owners across the company and to support their professional development through coaching and education. You will on a day-to-day basis Mentor, develop, and lead this team of product managers and support them in building the products that our customers love.You ensure that our individual product strategies are aligned with each other and our long-term company goals and you actively communicate with management stakeholders at all times.
 Application Deadlines and availability:
We are accepting applications for this role until February 15th, but we will hold interviews ongoingly. Our ideal candidate is able to join us latest from April 1st onwards.
Responsibilities:

Coach, mentor, guide and develop an outstanding team of Product Owners to ensure a further professional growths of our Product Ownership across all product teams
Support the team of Product Owners on a day-to-day basis in developing the Linkfire products

Build and lead your own Product Team in the area of data integration/API

Communicate roadmaps and feature releases to management, sales, business development, and other stakeholders

Identify, analyze, and prioritize new features and issues
 
Abilities and Skills:

You have 5+ years experience as Senior Product Owner or Senior Product Manager, preferably with new product development
You also have a minimum of 2+ years of experience with leading team members and you are personally invested in coaching, mentoring and making great PMs even better.

You have a strong technical background and previous experience in working with subscription-based B2B web applications and data-driven tech products

You have razor-sharp communication skills, experience with reporting to management level and the ability to convey complex information in an easy and digestible fashion

You have an excellent technical understanding to create and share a vision of the product's possibilities

An entrepreneurial mindset with a structured approach to the day-to-day workflow.

Excellent verbal and written English skills.

An extensive experience with Scrum and lean-agile product development methodologies.

About Linkfire:
We’re a passionate team of music techies on a mission to make music consumption easier for fans, labels, and artists. The music industry is transforming constantly, the market is fragmented and split across many different platforms and services.
Physical sales are going down. Legal downloads and in particular streaming are gaining momentum.
The transformation will continue and the years to come will be very interesting. We want to contribute to the transformation by bringing music and fans closer. Not inside music services, but outside where fans and artists engage. Our approach is to index digital music across music services and provide smart links that routes fans directly to the music regardless of their location or which player or platform they use. It’s complex.
We make it simple.
What we offer:

The opportunity to work in one of the fastest growing music tech companies in the world
An open, informal entrepreneurial startup working environment
Becoming a part of a world-class product team working with scaled agile methodology
An awesome, international office with colleagues from 20+ different nationalities
Great career possibilities and the chance for your work to be seen and used by millions of music enthusiasts all over the globe
Is that you? If so, submit your CV in English and your portfolio. We’ll be in touch!]