[Have you recently finished your University studies and want to kick start your career in one of the world’s most successful electronics companies? Do you want to work in an international environment with a high pace and constant strive for excellence, innovation, growth and improvement? Samsung is currently looking for talented and highly motivated newly graduates for their Graduate Program starting in August 2018!ABOUT THE ROLEAcademic Work is currently looking for two members for different positions to Samsung Graduate Program 2018. As a member of the program you will get the opportunity to develop and get valuable experience in one of the world´s most successful electronics companies. You will also have a mentor and get the chance to participate in development and team activities along the program.The different positions will involve working with, and development within the chosen area, for example sales. Each role will give you advanced knowledge that you, among other things, will receive from the assigned mentor you will have throughout the whole program.Samsung Graduate Program suits those who want to get the chance to contribute to Samsung's growth and expansion as well as those who want to help them achieve their vision to improve the everyday life of their customers. Take the chance to start off your career in this international, fast moving company!The recruitment process is conducted by Academic Work and the request from Samsung is that all questions regarding the position is handled by Academic Work. Academic Work are solely responsible for the recruitment process, however, candidates which proceed will be signed up for the Graduate Program by Samsung.You will find information about the two different roles below, also what is considered an advantage for the specific role. When applying, please note which of the two positions you are interested in and explain why you have chosen that one.JOB DUTIESSALES TRAINEEAs Sales Trainee in the IT division you will, after prober instruction, be responsible for a limited number of accounts in Denmark. You will learn the scope of key account management, and the systems and activities needed to succeed in an organization like Samsung. You will be doing customer budget, activity planning on each account, etc. You will be part of a team of 7 people. Each person has an independent responsibility for his business, but everyone helps everyone and it is important that you are a team player.REQUIREMENTSExcel skills is requiredWorking experience within sales is preferredProactive and independent workerSocial outgoing and good presentations skillsSALES ANALYSTAs a Sales Analyst, you will support the Sales management team with market, price, and industry research and compile and analyze sales reports. You will be responsible for weekly follow up on GFK marketshares identifying key developing areas pr. Customer/Segments. Additional, you will coordinate and follow up on multiple projects together with Finance Controlling and Sales management. You will gather market data in the Nordic Countries on trends and competition activities. You will gain product- and market knowledge as well as insight in the complex operational processes behind a sale in a global company.Excel skills is requiredIndependent workerGood at listening, understanding and analyzingWorking experience within analytics or sales is preferredSome level of experience within global organization and a professional business environment is an advantageWE ARE LOOKING FORRecent graduates with a degree in marketing, business, sales or equivalentMaximum one (1) year of work experienceStrong language skills in English and DanishFurthermore, we encourage you to have an interest in technology, but above all, looking forward to, and want to work in, an environment where you are expected to give it your all in your daily work as well as always take responsibility for your own, as well as your surrounding, continuous development. Moreover, you have the ability to be flexible in your approach to work since the current daily activity can be altered very quickly. As a person, you are social, outgoing and curious. Additionally, you are a competitive and energetic person who enjoys changes. Samsung will let you take great responsibility from day one and therefore, we see that you are a responsible person since you will work with a wide range of tasks.OTHER INFORMATIONStart: August 2018Graduate program period: 12 monthsLocation: Ballerup, DenmarkDo you meet the requirements? Click on “Apply” and submit your application as soon as possible as/since our selection process is continuous.We only handle applications through our website but if you have questions about the position, you are welcome to email us at info@academicwork.dk and we will answer during office hours. Please write the advert title in the subject and paste the advert link in the mail.We are Home of the Young Professionals. We offer jobs for students or those who have completed their studies and have up to five years of work experience. With us, you can work as a consultant on specific client assignments or you can become employed directly by one of our customer companies through our recruitment service. Find out more on our web site http://www.academicwork.dk.PROTECTION OF PRIVACY: When sending your application to Academic Work you approve and agree on Academic Work handling your personal information according to Personal Data Act. For more information read about PUL (only available in Swedish). INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANYFor over 70 years, Samsung has been dedicated to making a better world through diverse businesses that today span advanced technology, semiconductors, skyscraper and plant construction, petrochemicals, fashion, medicine, finance, hotels, and more. Samsung´s flagship company, Samsung Electronics, leads the global market in high-tech electronics manufacturing and digital media. Through innovative, reliable products and services, talented people, a responsible approach to business and global citizenship, and collaboration with our partners and customers, Samsung is taking the world in imaginative new directions.]