[Do you have solid experience within Facilities Management and Real Estate? Are you passionate about creating long-term and effective solutions that can add value for the units you support? Ramboll are currently recruiting for an FM Project Manager to be based in our Headquarters in Ørestad (Copenhagen).
Your responsibilities as FM Project Manager 
You will become part of a small Centre of Excellence Team in Global FM & RE that provides support to the FM&RE function including the FM & RE managers based in the countries where Ramboll operates. 
Working alongside your FM colleagues, Ramboll consultants, our strategic partners as well as other support functions you will be working on various projects with global or local scope that will help FM to develop our services and improve our performance.
You will be working with:

Establishment of an energy database in teamwork with our FM supplier.
Co2 emission reporting and “Walk the Talk” initiatives and projects related to improvement of Ramboll’s environmental footprint.
Manage our process and track project approvals and project pipeline for FM&RE.
Integration of FM helpdesk into our Ramboll general service portal ServiceNow.
Support selected office related projects in teamwork with Global IT, external suppliers and the FM country managers.  
Drive projects to improve FM related site security and safety standards across our portfolio.
Support reporting on FM&RE’s projects in teamwork with your FM colleges.
You get to handle a variety of tasks which require flexibility and prioritization capability, but also allow you to involve all your skills and abilities
Some travel activity should be expected in the countries where FM & RE provides support to Ramboll's business units.
You and your competencies
The ideal candidate holds a degree at BSc. or MSc. level in engineering or similar and have extensive international experience from working in similar roles within Corporate FM organisations, with a consultant or alternatively with FM providers.
You must have experience as a project manager and the ability to manage changes and relations with internal customers, decision makers, suppliers, and consultants.
It is essential that you possess specialist knowledge and experience within several areas relating to FM and real estate i.e. office refurbishment, technical projects, energy management, service contracts, budgets and reporting etc.– as well as with relevant FM and Engineering databases and other IT tools.
You must be able work independently and to produce high quality recommendations, briefs and business cases with little guidance – and to prepare and conduct presentations that are creating the needed stakeholder support.
English is our corporate language and therefore you must be able to present and communicate in English to all levels of the organisation including senior management.
You are an experienced user of Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook, SharePoint, AutoCAD and applications for FM operation.
As a person you are a self-starter and a strong project manager. You are assertive with a willingness and ability to produce results in a relatively complex and international organization.
You are characterized by high spirits and team player skills - and you thrive in an informal and solution-oriented international environment characterized by growth and change.
Join Global Facility Management and Real Estate within Ramboll
Global Facility Management and Real Estate (Global FM & RE) supports all Ramboll's business units and handles a variety of tasks related to building operations, lease administration, space optimization, catering, cleaning, fleet, printing, receptions and site security.
Alongside the daily operations, we are working on the development of the function and continuous optimization of our services to approx. 13.000 employees in approx. 300 locations worldwide.
We are a relatively new function formed in beginning of 2015 and we have an exciting mission to build a professional FM organisation that can deliver effective FM services of high quality across the countries where Ramboll operates and in this way, contribute to Ramboll's continued growth and development.
Currently our FM model has successfully been implemented in the Nordics, UK, India, Middle East and Germany. In the coming years we will be working to implement our model in the remaining geographies where Ramboll has its offices. 
Working at Ramboll
To work at Ramboll means being part of a people organisation. We are focused on knowledge sharing and collaboration across competence areas and geography, and we aim for a strong diversity among our employees. This enables us to solve a broad range of projects, and we firmly believe that cross-collaboration leads to creative and longstanding solutions. Thus, the possibilities at Ramboll are many and diverse –we invest a lot in development of people and offer career paths tailored for each individual.
Interested?
If you are interested in applying, please send your mail including CV through our online recruitment system by clicking the link ‘apply’ below. Interviews will be scheduled as applications are received. We are looking forward to hearing from you.
If you want to know more about the position, please contact Senior Director Johnny Jacobsen at phone no. +45 51 61 61 67or mail JOHJ@Ramboll.dk.
Apply before:  15. March 2018Workplace: Ørsted / Copenhagen
Ansøgningsfrist 2018-03-31 Arbejdssted Copenhagen]