[Here is your chance to join a cool and innovative Danish FinTech startup that uses blockchain technology to disrupt the way digital identities and payments are managed and verified.What are we looking for?We seek a full-time Senior Full-Stack Developer to help us develop the end-user and admin web frontends and middleware verification services of our sleek, greenfield NewBanking Platform according to our product vision and the needs of our customers.Why Work @ NewBanking?•Smart and ambitious colleagues•Competitive salary•Being part of a successful startup adventure•Excellent, central location: Copenhagen Fintech Lab, Applebys Plads 7, København K•Greenfield projects•Modern tech stack and infrastructureYour profile:•You have at least six years of professional experience with web development, and a solid understanding of micro-service architectures and middleware components.•You have a passion for user friendly, high-performance, scalable, robust and secure solutions.•You speak JavaScript (ES2015+), HTML5, and CSS3 fluently. You know JS frameworks like Angular, Vue.js and REACT and have some skills at UX design.•You can analyze, design, implement, test, deploy and maintain a Node.js middleware service.•You have operational experience and know the importance of system monitoring and alerting.•You can coach and lead others and accept being coached and led yourself.•You love to work in an agile and fast-paced start-up environment.•You are sociable, proactive, self-driven, organized, and possess the ability to prioritize, understand business needs, and deliver high-quality solutions on time.Who are we?NewBanking was listed as top 50 Global Fintech emerging star by KPMG/H2 venture in 2016 and won the Money20/20 Europe startup pitch in 2017. We are still in the startup-phase, but already working for Tryg and Nordea. We expect to add many more customers in 2018. NewBanking develops and operates an online platform to provide a simpler customer onboarding workflow for both financial and gambling sectors, while giving end-users control of their personal data. Our identity verification platform standardizes the onboarding processes, personal data management and relationship management with customers, ensuring full regulatory compliance of organizations and eliminating the duty of organisations to directly handle or store copies of sensitive personal documents. Our ambition is to be for legal identities, what Facebook is for private identities, and LinkedIn is for professional identities.Apply So, do you have what it takes? If so, fill out your contact info and send your CV in English to Michael Kock from EasySearch, who handles the recruitment. You apply through the button "Ansøg" below. You can contact Michael Kock on tel. +45 42 78 42 78 or mko@easysearch.dk. Interviews will be conducted on an ongoing basis, so send your application as soon as possible. The sooner you apply, the better your options.]