[We are looking for an experienced, dedicated, well-organized and diligent Business Controller on a senior level to join our Production Controlling team in Denmark.In this role, you will work closely with our technical counterparts in the Brande Nacelle factory and support them in order to ensure high data quality, productivity initiatives, production cost control, forecast accuracy and compliance with related regulations.What are my responsibilities?- Prepare and review projects and make comparisons with planned costs- Support time registration throughout the factory and follow up on the development of labour costs on projects- Review material cost deviations in collaboration with the responsible departments- Perform checks on projects and profit center to ensure data accuracy and correct financial statements- Acting as the commercial contact for activities related to our Nacelles factories- Providing support during month end reporting and controlling activities on Profit and Cost Center level- Conducting Cost Center controlling and reporting for your specific area of responsibility- Performing ad hoc analysis, reporting and controlling tasks- Investigating and understanding deviations and abnormalities between financial submissions (Budget, Forecast, Actuals) and ensuring detailed commenting- You will be the main contact person for all commercial topics related to your specific area of responsibility- Support productivity initiatives for your specific area of responsibility from a financial perspective- Ensure that cost out initiatives are updated and perform quality checks on overall data- Ensure cost out monthly closing activities for all location scope- Taking on a substitute role for costing topics and other locations (Lindø, Ølgod and Herning)- Regular management reporting on topics related to the production (presentation of relevant financial performance to the Nacelle Management)What do I need to qualify for this job?- You hold a University degree in the area of Business Administration, Economics, Finance, Accounting or similar- Experience in the use of SAP and Microsoft Office applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Access, VBA) will be perceived as an advantage- As a person you are result-/solution-oriented, well-structured, diligent and a dedicated team player with strong analytical skills- You are willing to take ownership and you are able to work under pressure whilst meeting deadlines- A background from a production environment will be perceived as an advantage for this position- You possess excellent English skills, both orally and in writingIn case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated.About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at http://www.siemens.com/windpower. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/.Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: As soon as possible]