[The Department of Food Science, Aarhus University invites applications to a Tenure Track position in Sensory and Consumer Science to begin June, 2018. Depending on the qualifications of the preferred candidate they will have the opportunity to apply for a competitive start grant ensuring a successful start in building their research space.  The position  This tenure track position will strengthen and complement ongoing research in sensory and consumer science, in the area of multisensory human perception in food quality and health at the Department of Food Science. This position is focused on the human senses and their pivotal role in eating behavior and sustainable high quality food and beverage applications. The position is aligned to the Science Team ‘Food Quality Perception and Society’ at the Department of Food Science http://food.au.dk/en/foodresearch/science-teams/food-quality-perception-society/. The science team has access to state of the art well-established sensory and analytical facilities, and advanced infrastructure, with a professional; trained and tested sensory panel and an ISO-approved sensory laboratory. Core to the team’s research approach is the synergy of human sensory measurements with instrumental techniques utilizing advanced facilities available in house e.g. GC-MS, LC-MS and NMR. There is also potential to access complementary research infrastructure via our close collaborators in psychology, physiological and neuro-imaging fields. The Tenure track will also be central to the further development of The SinoDanish Center (SDC) Food and Health Research Theme a collaboration between Danish Universities and University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (UCAS) see: http://sdc.university/research/research-areas/food-and-health/. ;The position will be involved in building research-relations and collaborations within the Food and Health area linked to sensory and consumer science between China and Denmark, with a view to contributing to a future Master’s Program in International Food Quality and Health.  The candidate  The successful candidate must have a strong research profile in sensory and consumer science, and human multisensory perception linked to studying food qualities for positive health impacts and applications. Moreover, the candidate must be able to demonstrate promise of outstanding capabilities in independent research, dissemination, and funding. A tenure track appointment requires demonstration of independent and novel research initiatives combined with successful postdoc positions including international experience as demonstrated by a significant number of international publications.  Successful candidates will be expected to:  deliver innovative research of the highest international standard;  establish and develop their own research space within the existing FQS science team;  publish research outcomes through a significant number of international peer-reviewed publications;  deliver teaching at the Department (graduate-level teaching in English);  supervise masters and PhD students;  complete postgraduate teacher training for Assistant Professors at Aarhus University  be granted competitive research funding from external funding bodies  write and speak English fluently Qualifications Applicants for the position must have a relevant PhD in Food Science, Sensory Science, Consumer science, Multisensory Perception, Human Nutrition or equivalent.  Competences in sensory and consumer analysis, multisensory human perception, eating behaviour, diets and eating behavior, health and nutrition, cross-cultural perspectives and eating, and multivariate data analysis will be an advantage Utilizing univariate and multivariate analysis in sensory and consumer analysis linked to multidisciplinary data sets in instrumental and health contexts will also be an advantage Proven publication record in international peer-reviewed journals Teaching experience at MSc and PhD level Experience in international research collaboration and networking The Department of Food Science  The Department of Food Science is part of the Faculty of Science and Technology, Aarhus University and includes research within the areas Sensory and Consumer Science, Biofunctional Food, Systems Biology, Food Chemistry and Technology, Food Quality, Food Metabolomics and Plant Production. The Department currently employs 60 full time scientific staff, approx. 50 PhD students and Postdocs, plus approx. 30 visiting students and staff who together contribute to an international research environment where English is the preferred language in the laboratory, at meetings and at seminars.  The Department works in teams and therefore self-leadership, clear and open communication, success in mentoring, supervising and teaching are important qualities needed to be successful in the Department. In addition the Department has a strong culture that is based on openness, equality, consultation, inclusion and contributing to the Department strategy and working environment are viewed as important.  The Department is responsible for a Master’s programme in Molecular Nutrition and Food Technology, taught at Aarhus University, Denmark, and a coming Master’s programme in International Food Quality and Health at the Sino-Danish Center in Beijing, China. In addition, Department staff contribute to several other key interdisciplinary educations, including Bachelor’s and Master’s programmes in Agrobiology, and a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering in Food Technology at Aarhus University. Staff also teach on a number of other educations offered at other Universities in Denmark and China.  Please refer to http://food.au.dk/en/ for further information about The Department of Food Science and to http://scitech.au.dk/en/ and http://www.au.dk/en/ for information on Science and Technology and Aarhus University, respectively.  Science and Technology Tenure Track  Aarhus University offers talented scientists from around the world attractive career perspectives via the Science and Technology Tenure Track Programme. Highly qualified candidates are appointed as Assistant Professors for a period of up to six years with the prospect of performance-based advancement to a permanent Associated Professorship.  The aim of the Science and Technology Tenure Track Programme is to:  attract outstanding talented individuals from all over the world  to promote the early development of self-reliance success early in the career of scientists  to create transparency in the academic career path As part of the Tenure Track position, the candidate is offered:  access to research infrastructure  postgraduate teacher training for Assistant Professors a mentoring program  support to develop scientific networks and results Aarhus University carries out a mid-way evaluation to determine the progress of the Tenure Track candidate after three years, addressing the criteria used in the final tenure review. The final tenure review is conducted before completion of five years. If the review is positive, the candidate will be offered a permanent position as Associate Professor at Aarhus University.  Applicants will be evaluated on their active research and teaching career and therefore the CV should specify any time periods not dedicated to furthering their career (eg parental leave or other types of leave).  Please refer to the tenure track guidelines (http://scitech.medarbejdere.au.dk/fileadmin/site_files/scitech.medarbejdere.au.dk/Karriere_dokumenter/Tenure_Track_final_engelsk.pdf) for the tenure review criteria and for the tenure review process.   Place of Work and area of Employment  The place of work is Kistinebjergvej 10, DK-5792 Aarslev (Fyn), Denmark, and the area of employment is Aarhus University with related departments.   The place of work is at the Food Quality Perception and Society Science Team at Department of Food Science (http://food.au.dk/en/ ). During the tenure track period, time will be spent in Beijing China at a research institute in the Food and Health space under UCAS (University of the Chinese Academy of Sciences) (http://english.ucas.ac.cn/ ). It is planned that the Department of Food Science and this position will be relocated to Agro Food Park, Skejby, Aarhus in 2019. Teaching activities are primarily conducted at AU-Campus, Aarhus.  Living in Denmark  Please visit the International Centre website (http://www.au.dk/en/internationalcentre/) for information about arriving and living in Denmark.  Application procedure Shortlisting is used. This means that after the deadline for applications – and with the assistance from the assessment committee chairman, and the assessment committee if necessary, – the head of department selects the candidates to be evaluated. The selection is made on the basis of an assessment of who of the candidates are most relevant considering the requirements of the advertisement. All applicants will be notified within 6 weeks whether or not their applications have been sent to an expert assessment committee for evaluation. The selected applicants will be informed about the composition of the committee and will receive his/her assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed a final letter of rejection is sent to the deselected applicants, including the main considerations emphasized during the selection process.   Formalities and salary range Science and Technology refers to the Ministerial Order on the Appointment of Academic Staff at Danish Universities under the Danish Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  http://www.au.dk/fileadmin/www.au.dk/Regelsamlingen/Bekendtgoerelse_nr__242_af_a3__MARTS_2012_-_ENGELSK_UDGAVE.pdf The application must be in English and include a curriculum vitae, degree certificate, a complete list of publications, a statement of future research plans and information about research activities, teaching portfolio and verified information on previous teaching experience (if any). Guidelines for applicants can be found here  http://scitech.au.dk/en/about-science-and-technology/vacant-positions/application-form-guide/ Appointment shall be in accordance with the collective labour agreement between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. Further information on qualification requirements and job content may be found in the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff at Danish Universities. (in Danish)  https://ufm.dk/lovstof/gaeldende-love-og-regler/uddannelsesinstitutioner/filer/job-structure-for-academic-staff-at-universities-2013.pdf Salary depends on seniority as agreed between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Confederation of Professional Associations.  All interested candidates are encouraged to apply, regardless of their personal background. Research activities will be evaluated in relation to actual research time. Thus, we encourage applicants to specify periods of leave without research activities, in order to be able to subtract these periods from the span of the scientific career during the evaluation of scientific productivity.  Aarhus University offers Relocation service to International researchers. You can read more about it here  http://ias.au.dk/au-relocation-service/ Deadline All applications must be made online and received by: 3/4/2018  Please apply online here  http://www.au.dk/en/about/vacant-positions/scientific-positions/stillinger/Vacancy/show/965278/5283/]