[FOX Network Group is seeking a flexible lawyer on a full-time basis to fulfill the position of Legal Counsel Nordics based in Copenhagen
 
As a lawyer for Legal Counsel Nordics you will be reporting to the Deputy General Counsel EU & Africa (based in Amsterdam). You will be a member of the Legal & Business Affairs-team responsible for Benelux, Nordics, Balkans, CEE and Russia, consisting of 12 lawyers. This team is part of an international legal department within 21st Century FOX with lawyers based all over the world.
 
Responsibilities

Act as adviser for all legal and business affairs matters within FNG Nordics, by providing legal counseling, legal risk assessment and guidance in the ordinary course of business and on special projects
Be responsible for all corporate governance and regulatory matters, including media regulations
Drafting, negotiating and review of (multi-territory) agreements, such as programming acquisition agreements, affiliate distribution agreement, advertising sales agreements, marketing agreements, etc.
Act as lead/first point of contact for the Managing Director FNG Nordics and its country managers
Sit in on the relevant business team meetings
Train/educate and keep business teams up-to-date on any relevant legal and regulatory matters (e.g. by having periodic update calls)
Responsible for the awareness and full compliance of business teams with 21 CF policies, including anti-bribery policy and programming acquisition and affiliate distribution approval policies
Successful implementation (and guardian) of workflows and pipelines
Responsible for up-to-date structured folder(s) and overviews on EU-legal database
Knowhow management and general administration
Coordination with the legal departments within FNG EU & Africa Legal
Coordination with and instruction of external counsel where necessary, and manage such outside counsel and legal spend
 
Professional skills

Minimum of 5 years experience in company commercial law, legal and business affairs in the Nordics, but candidates outside this range will be considered if they can demonstrate the relevant competencies (experience within the media industry is a preference)
Excellent skills in legal writing and drafting complex agreements
Fluent in English, both verbally and in writing
Willingness to travel
 
Personal skills

First-rate social skills in operating within complex, creative-driven environments
Exceptional communication skills
Proactive problem solving skills
Ability to juggle competing priorities on a daily basis
Managing outside advisers in a cost effective manner
Ability to build relationships and be effective across many different cultures and in a variety of working environments
Ability to act independently
Loyal personality
 
FOX Networks Group
(FNG) is 21st Century FOX’s international multi-media business. We develop, produce and distribute 300+ wholly- and majority-owned entertainment, sports, lifestyle, factual and movie channels in 45 languages across Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa.
FNG’s core channel brands include FOX, FOX Sports, FOX Life and National Geographic Channel. FNG’s movie channels include FOX Movies, FOX Movies Premium, Star Chinese Movies and Moviecity. These networks and their related mobile, non-linear and high-definition extensions, reach over 1.625 billion cumulative households worldwide.
In addition, FNG owns and operates two production studios and produces thousands of local programming hours for its wholly owned channels and third parties.
Our television offers provide smart and innovative programs that entertain and educate audiences across all demographics and on all platforms. Our premium global brands and content are localized in each market to ensure they satisfy local tastes and resonate with local viewers. As such, we are able to entertain and build emotional connections with audiences around the world. Our brands have fans!
 
The recruitment process
Are you interested in this position, and can you recognize yourself in the description above? Moment is responsible for the recruitment process so click on the link to apply. Please attach your motivated application and CV. We will look through applications on a continuous basis as FNG wants to employ as soon as possible. Therefore, we recommend that you apply immediately.]