[Mobile Apps Solution Sales Specialist – Global Black Belt (Nordics) Your Role The Intelligent Cloud Global Black Belt Team is seeking a Mobile Apps Solutions Sales Specialist to help win new enterprise developers with compelling digital transformation scenarios, showcasing our cloud and mobile platform as the market leading app innovation solution for business transformation.
 
Microsoft has a unique opportunity to help customers be successful with their mobile app projects. We have the most comprehensive solution for Enterprise Mobile Application Development and DevOps across tools, services and platform for the entire development lifecycle. We have a highly-differentiated value proposition for iOS and Android developers bringing the productivity and power of .NET together with the performance and richness of native applications.
 
As a Solution Sales Specialist covering the Nordics region, you’ll be focused on driving business transformation for our customers, responsible for driving sales of Microsoft’s complete mobile development suite combined with advanced Azure workloads leveraging cloud data services and Artificial Intelligence. You’ll engage with both business decision makers and software engineering teams to help our customers create world-class user experiences, get to market faster and reduce total cost of app development.
Responsibilities
Key responsibilities: - Discover new opportunities and expand existing base in named accounts to achieve monthly, quarterly, and annual quota targets - Create new leads from prospecting efforts as well as create campaigns for industry specific events. - Drive sales campaigns in key verticals to create new opportunities - Brilliantly articulate Microsoft’s vision and value proposition to stakeholders at every level of the customer’s organization.
 
Must be able to articulate business benefits of our products both conversationally and formally. - Execute a solution sales process that adds value to customers through commercial teaching to win the business and establish yourself as a trusted advisor. - Build strategic, long-term relationships with product owners and technical executives in named accounts. - Develop and execute a sales and success plan, in partnership with Mobile Engineers to reach and educate new developers, support pre-sales opportunities, and engage solution partners in your accounts. - Craft proposals and negotiate win-win deals that are good for customers and good for Microsoft. - Strong advocate for customer success and mobilize all appropriate resources to help customers succeed with their Microsoft and Xamarin investments.
 
You also have demonstrated the ability to: - Think strategically and communicate effectively with all levels of management - Guide, educate, and influence the thinking of senior decision makers - Achieve results in an ambiguous and changing environment - Collaborate across boundaries and geographies - Simplify and cut through complex data and environments where there is a lack of clarity - Work effectively under tight deadlines - Work well as part of an extended sales team
Qualifications
The specific requirements for the Mobile Development Solution Sales Specialist position are as follows: - Direct and proven experience of working with large and complex customers in the context of Digital/Mobile transformation within verticals such as Automotive, Manufacturing, Government, Retail and Financial Services. - Broad understanding of Enterprise Mobility, devices and mobile development platforms - Broad understanding of the ALM / DevOps marketplace - Broad knowledge of modern application development processes, including Agile and SCRUM - Broad understanding of Cloud Computing technologies, including IaaS, SaaS, and PaaS, business drivers, and emerging computing trends with ability to connect technology with measurable business value.
 
Other qualifications and sales experience include: - Degree educated. MBA would be an added advantage. - Fluency in either Danish/Swedish/Norwegian/Finnish as well as English. Fluency in other languages is not essential but could be advantageous. -
 
Minimum 7 years recognized and rewarded experience as a frontline seller of software solutions, including Solutions Sales, Technical Pre-Sales, or an Account Executive to large/global enterprise customers, particularly custom application development. - Strong track record of solution selling, based on business value principles, including 5 years of experience selling cloud or cloud related solutions -
 
Demonstrated experience and expertise selling technology solutions to senior business and IT decision makers by reinforcing the value of the technology to the customer’s overall business pain and/or strategic opportunities with history of holding and consistently exceeding quota - Ability to sell both a mobile application use case(s) and the deployment of a mobile app platform and related cloud services (PaaS/MBaaS) - Strong analytical, presentation, and communication skills - Strong technical aptitude - Ability to maintain a high level of productivity - Proven experience in the following key areas: needs analysis and envisioning, in-depth knowledge of competitors, understanding of the customer’s business, system and application design, cloud solutions architecture - Closing business by reinforcing the business value of solutions, including TCO and ROI, and acting as an interface between customers and Partners/Services - Developing strong teaming relationships with customers and other members of the Microsoft account team (Technical Specialists, Partners, Account Management, Product Specialists, Licensing and Consulting Services) and leveraging Marketing with measures in place to track total cost of sale and velocity - Strong understanding of partner ecosystems and the ability to leverage partner solutions/services to solve customer needs. - Strong knowledge of enterprise software solutions and platform competitor landscape - Proven record of effective territory/ account management: planning, opportunity qualification and creation, stakeholder and executive communication, needs analysis, value engineering, services/partner engagement, opportunity management, pipeline management, large dollar licensing and deal negotiation.
 
The open SSP position is aligned to the Nordics region and is focused on our Enterprise Customers. The ideal location for this position is Stockholm, Helsinki, Copenhagen or Oslo, although other major Nordics cities are feasible. Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity. Join an international work environment that is characterized by flexibility, an informal atmosphere, and a fast pace. We offer competitive pay and a wide range of benefits. Microsoft acknowledges your performance by investing in your health and financial future and by ensuring your work-life-balance.]