[The Centre of Maritime Health and Society(CMSS), Department of Public Health, at the University of Southern Denmark (SDU, Esbjerg) invites applications for a five-year position as associate professor with an option for extension.The position is open to candidates in the fields of social sciences, health sciences, or equivalent, and starting August 1st 2018 or as soon as possible subject to mutual agreement. The successful candidate will be part of the Centre of Maritime Health and Society. CMSS is a research unit providing research and documentation that can help optimize the working environment, health, safety and the shipping economics within industries, such as shipping companies, the fishing industry, off shore companies, educational institutions and authorities. The mission of CMSS is to establish relevant research-based knowledge contributing to the establishment of healthy, safe and stimulating working conditions in maritime jobs in line with the development of the society and the needs of the maritime industries.  Job descriptionThe successful candidate will be expected to: • Pursue high level research by using quantitative but preferably also qualitative methods • Develop, carry out, and publish the results of research projects, and disseminate the information among maritime stakeholders• Attract external research funding to the centre• Manage and support activities of the research projects• Participate in the pre- and postgraduate teaching• Supervise BSc and MSc students at the University of Southern DenmarkRequired qualifications The successful applicant must have a completed PhD in social sciences, health sciences, or equivalent. Furthermore, applicants must be able to demonstrate experience in the field of health or safety research, or equivalent, strong abilities in data analysis and to have good collaboration skills. Knowledge and skills in survey, interview and observational methodology are particularly desirable. Fluent knowledge of a Scandinavian language is an asset.
Further information can be obtained from the Head of the Department of Public Health, professor Jesper Bo Nielsen, telephone +45 6550 4037, email jbnielsen@health.sdu.dk,or the Head of the Research Unit, senior researcher Kimmo Herttua PhD, telephone +45 6550 7114, e-mail kherttua@health.sdu.dk. 
The successful applicant will be employed in accordance with the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and AC (the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations).
Applications will be assessed by an expert committee. Applicants will be informed of their assessment by the university.
Applications – including the required attachments – must be sent via the below-mentioned link “Apply online". Only online applications will be accepted. Attached files must be Adobe PDF or Word format. Each field in the application form can contain up to max. 10 Mb.
Only applications written in English will be accepted for evaluation.
The application must contain the following documents (as pdf.- or docx.-files):
• an application • a detailed CV • degree certificates (inclusive of Ph.D.-diploma) • a complete and numbered list of publications • up to 8 scientific peer-reviewed publications considered by the applicant to the most important for this position. Please notice that one pdf.- or docx.-file must be attached for each publication. • a teaching portfolio detailing the candidate’s prior teaching experience, teaching skills, and teaching philosophy • a research plan detailing the candidate’s ideas and plans for her/his future research work.
Incomplete applications with regard to the above-mentioned requirements will not be assessed.
Further particulars concerning the application - please see the link below.
The University wishes our staff to reflect the diversity of society and thus welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background.
Further details:
Read the Guideline for applicants]