[The IT University of Copenhagen invites highly motivated individuals to apply for a Postdoc position starting June 1st 2018 or soon thereafter for a duration of two years.   The overall mission of the European Blockchain Center at the IT University of Copenhagen is to be the globally leading institution that understands, creates, and realizes Blockchain-based solutions in a cross-industry and cross-disciplinary private public partnership to generate value for society.   The successful candidate will complement an internationally leading, interdisciplinary group of researchers with experience in the application and development of Distributed Ledger Technologies (DLT) from a computer science, information systems, organizational sciences, and legal point of view. The postdoc will support projects at the European Blockchain Center in cooperation with industry partners.  The successful candidate is expected to hold a PhD in information systems or similar with experience in DLT / Blockchain research, in combination with one of the following topics:  

Design science research and IT artefact development 
Dynamic systems simulation 
Experimental research 
Mechanism design and systems engineering 
Machine learning and data science The successful candidate will join the Technology, Innovation Management and Entrepreneurship (TIME) group within the Business IT department at the IT University of Copenhagen (see http://time.itu.dk). The position depends on available funding.  Application The applicant should have a good track record of top-tier research publications in information systems or related fields.   The application must be in English and must include: 

A cover letter, including a research statement and a cogent argument for how qualified the applicant is for the position 
A full CV, including name, address, phone number, e-mail, previous and present employment and academic background 
Documentation of academic degrees (copy of degree certificates etc.) 
Top 3 publications 
A numbered list of publications. The enclosed publications should be marked with an asterisk (*) Applications without the above-mentioned documents will not be assessed.  Early contact with our faculty staff is strongly encouraged.  General information The IT University of Copenhagen (ITU) is a teaching and research-based tertiary institution concerned with information technology (IT) and the opportunities it offers. The IT University has more than 70 full-time Faculty members. Research and teaching in information technology span all academic activities which involve computers including computer science, information and media sciences, humanities and social sciences, business impact and the commercialization of IT.   Salary  Appointment and salary will be in accordance with the Ministry of Finance’s agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC).  Application procedure You can only apply for this position through our e-recruitment system. Apply by pushing the button "Apply for position" in the job announcement on our website: http://en.itu.dk/About-ITU/Vacancies  Questions about the positions may be directed to Roman Beck at romb@itu.dk. Questions related to the application procedure may be directed to the Personnel Section, Sara Toft at sato@itu.dk or +45 7218 5130.  The applicant will be assessed according to the Appointment Order from the Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation of 25 April 2008.  The IT University may use shortlisting in connection to the recruitment process. In case of shortlisting, the Head of department selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the hiring committee after the application deadline. All applicants are notified whether their application has been passed for assessment. The shortlisting of candidates for assessment is based on the criteria in the job posting.   Please note that all application material will be destroyed after the assessment.  Application deadline: May 1st 2018, at 23:59 CET.  Applications/enclosures received at ITU after the application deadline will not be taken into consideration. If you submit an application, it is your responsibility to ensure that it arrives before the deadline so please allow sufficient time for upload of publications and other documents.  The IT University invites all qualified researchers regardless of age, gender, religious affiliation or ethnic background to apply for the positions. ]