[Join a recently created Quality department providing support to Medical Affairs, Regulatory and Safety (MARS). Our people have strong knowledge in Novo Nordisk’s Quality systems and processes, business understanding of the areas we support and the ability to navigate many agendas and stakeholders. We take pride in helping to maintain the quality of our products and protect the safety of our patients. In MARS Quality, we work with the other areas of MARS and our colleagues in Corporate Quality and Product Supply, which makes MARS Quality a truly engaging and challenging place to work.About the departmentThe Vice President (VP) area, MARS Quality, consists of about 20 employees in Denmark and India. The VP area is responsible for all quality processes utilised in the MARS area such as Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) writing and maintenance, non-conformity handling, change control, Quality Assurance (QA) approval of product labelling and packaging and we support our partners in the MARS organisation as they engage in these processes. The team this position will be leading is focused on master data approval needed for release of all Novo Nordisk products from all Novo Nordisk manufacturing sites.The positionYou will play a key role in the unit with diverse assignments ranging from QA approval of Master Data & ECO tasks for all Novo Nordisk products from all sites using SAP incl. Serialisation, Codification & Flexible Print. You will participate on standardisation activities in MARS Quality. You will participate in QA related tasks to above mentioned areas.QualificationsIt is required that you have a technical education and relevant working experience within Quality assurance from a similar position. You work in a professional and proactive manner, where you drive activities and have a good understanding of GMP and Quality-mindset. You have knowledge of pharmaceutical products and know the importance of details and at the same time you are able to balance this with a flexible and pragmatic approach during times of high workload. You are independent and have good communication skills. You are persistent and able to cooperate with both internal and external stakeholders and being solution-focused.You are proficient in both written and spoken English.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we use our skills, dedication and ambition to help people with diabetes. We offer the chance to be part of a truly global work place where passion and engagement are met with opportunities for professional and personal development.ContactFor more information, please contact Mike Sacco at +45 3079 6824 or Natasha T. Paaske at +45 3079 2174.Deadline31 March 2018.]