[ 
Are you looking for a job in a stable, established business with a good salery and possibility for advancement?  
We are looking for a stable window cleaner in the Copenhagen area, who sees the value in doing a job to perfection.  
Your experience:  
Your educational background is not of vital importance. We imagine that you have a background and experience within the field of cleaning/service and that you are eager to learn.  

We require you to: 

Be available every weekday from 7am to 17pm 
Be punctual and good at using google maps 
Have a Danish-approved drivers licence 
Speak English at least at a functional work-level 
Demonstrate attention to detail and thoroughness 
Follow instructions, adhere to standard policies and procedures 
Represent PerfektService’s values and goals when with our clients 
Be able to work unsupervised 
Be physically strong 
Be able to maintain a professional manner at all times and display integrity and honesty 
Be willing to be mobile and drive between the different work places (also sometimes outside of zone 1 and 2) 


 
We provide: 

A dynamic work-life with a large variety of tasks and places, and friendly hard-working colleagues 
A functionary car 
A salary including pension and holiday funds, 5 weeks of holidays per year 
Bumps in salary based on loyalty (if you stay with us for at least 6 months) and good work 
a training and a handbook including: 
Knowledge of window-cleaning and sanitation products, techniques and methods 
Knowledge of cleaning sensitive materials 
Working knowledge of operating cleaning equipment 
Promotion possibilities together with increase in salary (quality controller, trainer, supervisor) after agreed periods of time and based upon performance  

Seek the position 
 If you are interested and fit this profile then please send us a motivated letter and a CV to job@perfektservice.dk.    We receive many applications, thus we will only contact you through e-mail.  
 
About PerfektService 
PerfektService is an established business with more than 15 years of experience in the field of cleaning and home services.  We provide cleaning, window-cleaning and staircase-cleaning services for private clients, institutions, apartment-groupings and businesses.  With PerfektService, “perfect” means that a client’s needs are met, following this client’s definition of “perfect”. In our company and whatever the status, we all strive towards excellence.  We operate both in Copenhagen and in Aarhus, and hope to soon open offices in other Danish cities.]