[Location: VejleOrganization: Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy in DenmarkMode of employment: Part time only (8-25 hours/week) For our Offshore Project Management department in Vejle, Denmark, we are looking for a bright and self-motivated Student Worker, primarily to support the IT tools used in our Sales & Projects Business Support team. In this role you will be part of a team that handles internal projects and IT Content. You will be working with our internal project managers and our installation project teams as well as colleagues from other areas of Siemens Gamesa and IT with the aim of resolving complex interdependent issues. Siemens Gamesa makes an effort to attract the smartest students from the educational institutions in Denmark and abroad. We are always looking for talents who have the courage to ask those questions that may end up providing valuable answers and solutions to our customers and the society at large. Being a Student Worker in Siemens Gamesa is an opportunity for you to develop your personal capabilities and build a professional and international network. It will also be an opportunity to get on with your professional development and get relevant work experience in a global technology company. What are my responsibilities?·         Maintaining three internal databases currently based on MS Access ·         Supporting end-users with change requests needed in the MS Access databases·         Developing and maintaining the front-end and back-end of the MS Access databases·         Participating in the further development and improvement of these tools·         Working towards optimization of the performance and usage of the MS Access–based tools·         Being a key participant in a new project looking into the potential migration of the databases with the aim of achieving a more data-driven solution·         Being a key contact for the project members working with the databases·         Creating development and training documentation for existing IT tools What do I need to qualify for this job?·         You are enrolled in an IT or IT related program (3rd or 4th semester of your Bachelor; or 1st year of Master)·         You feel confident working with a MS SQL Server Database and Access Databases·         You understand and are able to work with the SQL language. Knowledge of the basics of HTML and SharePoint would also be appreciated·         Knowledge of other programming languages will be perceived as an advantage. More specifically, VBA is preferred·         You possess understanding of Requirements Engineering and IT Requirements Management·         You are comfortable working independently and enjoy planning and performing your own tasks, in order to reach the needed results·         You have a problem-solving attitude and are curious and eager to learn new things·         You possess excellent English skills, both orally and in writing In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at http://www.siemens.com/windpower.  We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/. Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information about the position, please contact the hiring manager, Dana Cojocari via phone: +45 2429 5476. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible If you want to know more about what it is like to work and live in Denmark, please read more at http://www.siemens.dk/moving-to-denmark.]