[The PE Task Force team are looking for a dynamic and enthusiastic person to join them in Aarhus. This is an exciting and challenging role that will couple your stakeholder management and your technical skills. Vestas CEO - Manufacturing & Global Procurement - AssemblyThe Global Production Engineering department under Assembly is a newly established function in Vestas. With teams in 3 regions, Production Engineering generates solutions to design-challenges in order to, fulfil the Vestas product and technology roadmaps. To support the factories the Production Engineering department has a large interface across the Vestas organisationResponsibilitiesMain contact point for factories to escalate Quality and Technical issues and need of support from PE and VPS. As part of the PE Task force team and reporting to the Assembly and Towers Head. Your main functions will be:

Contact for CIM organisation into Manufacturing
Operational Support and QBD (Quality before delivery within Assembly and Towers Segment) 

Support to TS departments 
NCR (Design) case handle and NCR disposition (Link with VPS)
CIM organisation support
QBD Level 4 (Link between factories and VPS). Coordination QBD Crisis with VPS/GP and across segment factories
Project management. Ad hoc PE projects within Task Force team
Qualifications

Engineering degree, preferably Mechanical
Extensive knowledge of Manufacturing or Design For Manufacturing, DFM
Minimum of 5 years’ experience and proven success from large Manufacturing companies
Results from Cost Out or Value Engineering projects
Strong documentation and specification skills
Relevant methodologies and tools, risk assessment using PFMEA tools
Competencies

Capable of driving technical projects across multiple departments and cultures
Capable of solving problems by using relevant methods and tools
Innovation from own work as well as from Team player including external stakeholders
Ability to work with complex solutions covering tools, processes and materials
Stakeholder engagement; able to identify and involve stakeholders
Fluent in English, both written and verbal
What we offerWe offer a challenging workplace with excellent professional and personal development opportunities in an inspiring, international work environment with the world’s leading wind turbine manufacturer. We value initiative, responsibility and the right balance between creativity and quality in all solutions. You will become part of a highly professional environment with a strong technical commitmentAdditional informationThe position is located in Aarhus, Denmark. For further questions please reach out to Senior Recruiter Martin Whittle +44(0)7515325141. About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else. Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future.  We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com/ and following us on our social media channels. 
Job AssemblyPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Aarhus N
Unposting Date Ongoing]