[Postdoctoral position available in the DIGINAUTS research project on migrants’ digital practices in/of the European Border Regime, start Sept. 1st 2018       The Saxo Institute, Faculty of Humanities, University of Copenhagen (UCPH), Denmark, invites applications for a 2 year postdoctoral position in the interdisciplinary research project DIGINAUTS – Migrants’ digital practices in/of the European Border Regime to be filled by September 1 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter.     The appointment is fixed term, full-time, and will last for 24 months in total.     Project Description   The postdoc position will be part of the interdisciplinary research project DIGINAUTS – Migrants’ digital practices in/of the European Border Regime funded by VELUX 2018-2020. The project is led by PI Associate Professor Martin Bak Jørgensen (AAU), together with co-PI’s Associate Professor Marie Sandberg (UCPH) and Associate Professor Vasilis Galis (ITU).   Through ethnographic fieldwork and digital data analysis the focus of the DIGINAUTS project is to examine how migrants’ widespread, varied and innovative digital practices remake migration, borders, and potentially create networks of solidarity as migrants navigate through the European border regime. The aim is to investigate how ICT, the digital practices of migrants as well as of aiding organisations and initiatives of the receiving countries intermediate and constitute new sociotechnical networks of community and solidarity, in turn re-enacting migrants as political subjects in/of the European border regime.   It is a key assumption of the project that the migrants’ digital practices not only challenge our usual ways of thinking about migration but also subtly reconfigure the functioning of the digital platforms themselves. Attending to the (re)making of Internet and Communication Technology (ICT) infrastructures for migration that spans across three European regions (Southern, Central and Northern Europe), the DIGINAUTS project will answer the following research questions:       How do migrants integrate ICT into migration practices, and how are existing digital platforms reconfigured for navigation and for creating solidarity networks?       What are the challenges and potentials for aid workers as they relate (or fail to relate) to migrants’ digital practices?       How can insight into migrants’ digital usages (en route and on site) lead to a better understanding of migrants’ routings, everyday practices and life conditions?           These questions will be investigated through three subprojects connected to a selection of sites for migratory ICT activities: 1) the Greek borderland with a focus on the islands of Lesvos and Chios on the border with Turkey, but also including Athens as a stopover or place of accommodation for thousands of migrants, 2) the larger German-Danish border region and 3) the Oresund region encompassing the transnational borderland between Denmark and Sweden.   The postdoc will design and conduct a research project on migrants’ digital practices in the Oresund border region (subproject 3) based on the overall objectives and research questions of the DIGINAUTS project. The postdoc will work independently as well as in close cooperation with the researchers in the project including two postdocs focusing on subproject 1 and 2 respectively.      For more information, please visit http://www.en.cgs.aau.dk/research/projects/diginauts/   Questions related to the content of the research project can be directed to Associate Professor, Marie Sandberg (sandberg@hum.ku.dk).    Research tasks include:    Ethnographic fieldwork in the Oresund region including interviews, participant observation and social media analysis.       Contribution to the development of an interdisciplinary research framework combining Critical Border and Migration Studies, Social Media Studies, Studies in European Ethnology and the Anthropology of Borders, and Science and Technology Studies (STS) including focused literature reviews.       Qualitative analysis of ethnographic material and digital data including transcription, coding and framing.       Writing and co-authoring of research articles in top-level journals.       Project presentations at national and international conferences and seminars.       Administration tasks such as data management (organising and archiving of data, sharing of data with research group members), reports preparation, contribution to project website, organizing of and participation in research group activities such as seminars, workshops and meetings in the DIGINAUTS project.       	Public dissemination and sharing of knowledge into public domains.           Qualification requirements   In order to be considered for the position applicants must have research qualifications at least corresponding to what can be achieved as part of a successfully completed PhD within a relevant field.   In the assessment of applicants’ research qualifications, emphasis will be placed on their ability to document research experience within ethnology, anthropology, migration studies, border studies or related fields. We are looking for an applicant with experience in ethnographic fieldwork (also in other languages than Danish), including experience in studies of border(ing) processes and everyday life, and/or migrants’ networks and/or digital practices. Experience with online ethnography is an advantage. Additionally, emphasis will be placed on the applicant’s ability to document originality and academic reflexivity with regards to method and theory in their research. It is also desirable that the applicant can document participation in research collaborations, national and international networks and conferences.      Furthermore, emphasis will be placed on the following:     Research qualifications, which will be assessed in relation to the period of active research, the degree of originality, and academic output.       	The applicant’s scientific record, academic breadth and depth, rigour, thoroughness and accuracy, as well as academic relevance in relation to the job description.       	Good interpersonal skills.       	Excellent skills in English, written and spoken. Danish and Swedish language skills are an advantage.         For further details about the qualification requirements for postdocs, please refer to the job structure for academic staff: http://ufm.dk/en/legislation/prevailing-laws-and-regulations/education/education-institutions     For further information about the position, please contact Head of the Saxo Institute Stuart Ward (stuart@hum.ku.dk).       Application    The application must be submitted online in Adobe PDF or Word format.   ZIP-files cannot be uploaded.      Please click on the “Apply now” icon at the bottom of the page.       The application must be written in English and include the following enclosures:     Application letter/cover letter       Curriculum vitae (with applicant’s e-mail address & telephone number)       Documentation of qualifications (examination certificates/PhD diploma, etc.).       Complete and numbered list of publications. The enclosed publications must be marked with *.       Research plan for the coming years including a short description of previous research and how the DIGINAUTS project will fit into that.       Project proposal including a 2-page draft project description suggesting a research design for the fieldwork-based study in the Oresund Region, also accounting for how the applicant will contribute to the research objectives in the project description.       Documentation of teaching qualifications and research dissemination, if any.       Publications. Applicants may choose a maximum of three publications for assessment. Publication dates must be clearly marked on the publication list. The publications selected must be uploaded as attachments and listed from 1 to 3.         Should any material submitted consist of work with named co-authors, or work that is otherwise the result of collective academic endeavours, the extent of the applicant’s contribution to the work must be clearly stipulated. The Faculty may ask for a signed statement from the co-authors stipulating the extent and nature of each individual’s contribution.      Only material in Danish, Norwegian, Swedish, English, and German can be expected to be assessed.      All material will be shredded at the end of the appointment procedure.       Appointment procedure   After the application deadline, the Head of Department selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Appointment Committee. All applicants are then immediately notified whether their application has been accepted for assessment. The Dean subsequently appoints an expert assessment committee tasked with carrying out an assessment of the selected applicants for the specific post. Selected applicants are notified of the composition of the committee. Applicants are ultimately offered the opportunity of commenting on the part of the assessment relating to themselves before the appointment is finalized.   Applicants will be continuously informed about the progress of the procedure by e-mail.     Further information about the application procedure is available from hum-jur-teo@hrsc.ku.dk (HR)     Salary and conditions of employment   Terms of appointment and salary will be in accordance with an agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC). The salary range starts at DKK 33,000 (EUR 4,433) + a 17,1 % contribution to the pension scheme. It is possible to negotiate salary supplements on an annual basis.      The Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC) have further agreed on a protocol that makes it possible for international researchers employed by the University to achieve a pension exemption, whereby the pension contribution will be paid out as salary. For more information about the different pension schemes, please see http://ism.ku.dk/onarrival/pension/     A special tax scheme is offered to researchers recruited abroad, http://ism.ku.dk/onarrival/      If you consider applying from abroad, you may find useful information on how it is to work in Denmark and at UCPH.      See: http://ism.ku.dk, http://www.nyidanmark.dk/en-us/frontpage.htm  and https://www.workindenmark.dk/     UCPH wishes to encourage everyone interested in this post to apply, regardless of personal background.     The closing date for applications is 23.59 CET, 1 April 2018.     Applications or supplementary material received thereafter will not be considered.             ]