[Senior Director – Data Protection Compliance, Carlsberg Group
Do you take a strong interest in data privacy, and would you like to set the global agenda in GDPR together with an engaged organization?
This newly established role offers you a great opportunity to be overall responsible for getting Carlsberg’s global approach to data protection governance right by completing the ongoing project activities, and thereafter continuously update and secure relevant policies that match business strategies and needs.
Together with dedicated local data protection officers, senior security officers in Carlsberg’s IT organization, and a colleague working closely with you, you will drive data protection according to Carlsberg Group approach. In your role, you will be exposed to senior executives and stakeholders across the regions, and you will report to the VP of and be part of the Global Legal Management Team. You will become part of a highly motivated team located at Central Office in Valby.The jobYour strategic focus in the role will be to act as strategic owner of the global data protection agenda for Carlsberg Group, and where you will define and implement data protection strategy and approach to Group/Regional/Market level to drive compliance and minimize risk exposure to the Group in data privacy. Your responsibility not only include communication and information, but also that the policies are accepted and lived across the Group and countries.
Some of your important stakeholders and partners are GBS (IT organization) to ensure the legal content is reflected in the IT system environment and processes, and others include Commercial regions, Group Commercial, Group HR, Group Legal and ISC.
Your future role in brief

Define and implement Group Data Protection program and governance.
Define and implement tools and templates to ensure data protection compliance.
Drive global awareness program, and the adequate roll-out of adequate training to ensure law compliance.
Submit and present the Executive Committee with data protection updates.
Act as a motivating, inspiring and delegating leader, towards own team and in the organization.
 
Your profileThe ideal candidate has a strategic mindset, analytical approach and the ability to balance between details and the holistic picture. It is natural for you to risk assess yours and others’ decisions, where you act as trusted advisor letting your “customers” know the consequences of their actions. When challenged about legislation vs. the daily work, you can provide pragmatic and timely solutions. You present yourself as having cross-functional project leadership skills, enabling you to engage and drive your teams to execution and completion. In general, you are used to operating in an environment with sense-of-urgency, a constant need for (re-)prioritizations, and continuous communication about activities and changes.
Your profile in brief

University degree or equivalent, does not need to be in legal but it is an advantage
Preferably international experience in data protection, and experience from a similar process with implementation of data protection / GDPR.
Good understanding of legal aspects and risks in connection with GDPR / general privacy laws.
General IT literacy and good knowledge of IT systems and procedures
Process thinking, experience in optimizing processes and procedures
Strong stakeholder management skills and experience in interacting with Senior Management
Fluent in oral and written English. Any other language is an asset
 
What Carlsberg offers? As Senior Director, you will become responsible for the complete GDPR program from a business point of view, and GDPR is extensive and global, and well-anchored at executive level. You will also be working in an unique culture that has existed since the beginning in 1847, and the rich heritage by giving back to society infuse the organization. The working environment is characterized by proudness, passion and “Our Purpose” i.e. brewing for a better today and tomorrow.
The applicationWe will review applications on an ongoing basis, therefore please apply as soon as possible. For more information and questions, please contact Managing Partner Camilla Svendsen from Hudson on +45 20714983. Hudson is the agency supporting Carlsberg in the selection.  
To apply, please send your application and resume to dk@hudson.dk.
 
A Multinational Company with a Proud Local Heritage
With over 42,000 employees, Carlsberg Group brings a strong local presence to 40 different markets in Europe and Asia. We are constantly developing our business to bring the best products possible to
consumers around the world and it is important for us to be a successful, professional and attractive workplace.]