[Do you want to make your mark on digital transformation projects? Are you ready to get your career going in a fast-growing IT company? And do you want to learn about IT for life sciences, cyber security, consultancy and much more?  The NNIT Graduate Program could be a perfect opportunity for you. It starts on September 1, 2018.Use your Master's degree within IT and/or life sciences to join our graduate program and make your mark on NNIT. You have achieved good academic results and you are passionate, focused on quality and a team player.Boost your IT career, knowledge about digital transformation, and your own development.  Create a strong network within NNIT as well as with our customers, and have fun being part of an ambitious graduate team with lots of potential. 18 months of solid experienceAs a graduate in NNIT, you gain a broad range of practical know-how in a short time. You get a personal mentor and 18 months of solid experience. Your learning curve will be steep – you’ll work on projects alongside NNIT’s many highly skilled specialists and consultants. And you’ll get the opportunity to develop your passion for digital transformation even further. You’ll have dialogues with other graduates and regular conversations with your personal mentor. You’ll be offered selected training and certifications that match your abilities and ambition, and you’ll gain a clear sense of how you can best apply your potential in the future.A program tailored for youThe program offers three modules within digital transformation that cover different specialist areas depending on your background and interests. Besides interaction with colleagues and customers, this will help you develop a strong business understanding and social network.The NNIT Graduate Program offers you the opportunity to form your own career journey. Apart from your deep interest in digital transformation, you may be strongly passionate about a specific IT area or technology. Alternatively, you may be more of a generalist with an IT or life sciences education. Either is suitable for our graduate program. After completing the NNIT Graduate Program, you’ll continue working in NNIT. There are many different job options, but the goal is that you will be playing a significant role in impacting and driving the digital transformation journey at our customers and in NNIT. Your future role would fall into categories such as IT specialist or business consultant.Your qualificationsYou’ll complete your Master’s degree within IT and/or life sciences in 2018. Or perhaps you graduated in 2017.You are interested in digital transformation, and maybe you have gained experience within the areas of cloud, big data, AI/machine learning, security, robotics or IoT. But most importantly, you are passionate about your work, you can think independently and you believe strongly in the power of working together as a team. You must have an advisory mindset and thrive on delivering high quality.About NNITNNIT is a fast-growing IT company with ambitious goals. At NNIT, you can make your mark on some of the most challenging projects in the industry, on our journey forward as a company, and on your own career.You’ll work in agile teams with other passionate people in a culture with room for independent thinking and individual responsibility. We supply IT services to large enterprises that demand high levels of quality and security, taking on the responsibility for our clients' IT as if it were our own. We live our values every day, so you should be able to see yourself in them. We are: Conscience driven. Value adding. Open and honest.More information Read more about previous graduates and their experiences on http://www.nnit.com/graduate or follow us on Facebook.Start your career in NNIT on September 1Please submit your application, CV, grades and a short video presentation of yourself. If you have not finished your Master’s yet please upload your latest grades. Your personality counts, so please also upload a video presentation (max 2 minutes) stating your motivation for applying for the program, what digital transformation means to you and why NNIT should choose you.Application deadline and interviewsApplication deadline is March 20, 2018. Interviews will take place in week 15, from Monday April 9 to Friday April 13.]