[Are you an LC-MS Scientist with proven laboratory-based experience in bioanalysis, drug metabolism and automation? Do you like to passionately make a difference with your expertise in LC-MS?Are you interested in developing your career in a fast-paced environment within one of the world’s largest and most successful biopharmaceutical companies? If so, you now have the opportunity to join the Discovery ADME department in Global Research at Novo Nordisk in Måløv, Denmark!Novo Nordisk Global Research specialises in the discovery of biological medicines for the treatment of diabetes, obesity, haemophilia and other serious chronic diseases. Furthermore, we conduct stem cell and beta cell regeneration research and other early-stage investigations aimed at finding a cure for diabetes.Global Research consists of approximately 1500 highly qualified scientists, PhDs/PostDocs and laboratory technicians, and we conduct our world class research from sites based in the Greater Copenhagen area, Beijing, Indianapolis, Seattle, and Oxford.About the departmentThe Discovery ADME department is part of the Discovery Biology and Technology area within Global Research, and is responsible for bioanalysis, metabolism, absorption and proteomics based studies in the early discovery phase of our research projects. You will join a department of dedicated scientists, laboratory technicians, Postdocs and PhD students involved the discovery and development of proteins and peptides for treatment of diabetes, obesity, haemophilia and other serious chronic diseases. We are located in a state-of-the-art R&D facility in the Greater Copenhagen area.The positionThe overall objective and primary responsibility of this position is to design, plan and execute bioanalysis and metabolite identification of protein and peptides using LC-MS. Depending on tasks, you are expected to both be able to work independently or closely together with colleagues in the early research phase.Owing to a significant amount of laboratory-based work tasks, the successful candidate will also assist in the development of novel LC-MS workflows, with particular focus on the employment of automation technologies and efficient data handling methodologies. The qualified candidate is also expected to critically analyse and interpret experimental data and to prepare clear and well documented findings for distribution to multi-functional project teams. Finally, the ideal candidate proactively identifies and resolves experimental issues, takes interest in identification and progress of novel technologies, and performs instrument maintenance and troubleshooting as required.QualificationsThe ideal candidate holds a Master of Science in pharmaceutical sciences, analytical chemistry or related disciplines with 2-4 years of practical experience from an industry or academic setting working with LC-MS bioanalysis. Experience with automation technologies would be an advantage.You have the ability to perform tasks independently with a strong commitment to high quality analysis, data handling, documentation and reporting. Finally, since all work takes place in multidisciplinary project groups, you are a success oriented team player, and find it easy to build relationships between team and project members and gain recognition amongst stakeholders with your enthusiasm, proactiveness, integrity, and communication skills.Global Research is an organisation with many international employees and we welcome non-local applicants.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, you will work with specialists from around the world. Our ambitious teams strive to develop innovative drugs, devices and work toward the next generation of care. Your skills, dedication and ambition help us to achieve these goals. In exchange, we offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent and benefit from a range of possibilities for professional and personal development.ContactFor further information, please contact Stephen Buckley at +45 3079 4609.Deadline25 March 2018.To learn more about us please visit link: novonordisk.com/RD-careers.]