[The Department of Plant and Environmental Sciences (PLEN), Faculty of Science, University of Copenhagen invites applications for a time unlimited position as Associate Professor within the area of "Evolutionary and Applied Ecology of Insect-Microorganism Interactions”.   Microorganisms represent great possibilities as biological control agents against insect pests, but they also pose a current and future challenge as disease causing agents for insects in managed and natural terrestrial ecosystems, and in insect production systems. The mission of PLEN "From the bench to the field" seeks to stimulate synergies between fundamental and applied research, which require integrative approaches to contribute to the development of sustainable use of natural resources.   Basic knowledge of how interactions between and within species evolve is indispensable for understanding fundamental and applied questions of insect-microorganism interactions. The successful applicant is expected to conduct interdisciplinary research that bridges fundamental organismal science and genomics, aiming at studying insect and pathogenic fungal dynamics and disease emergence in managed and natural ecosystems. Molecular biological approaches (including transcriptomics and genomics), applied bioinformatics, and bioassays of infectivity, behavior, insect-immunity, and enzymatic activity will complement these studies. Because of the interdisciplinarity, the associate professor will be expected to engage in cross-departmental collaborations within research and teaching.  Qualifications in the following areas are required: Capacity to improve the basic understanding of mutualistic and pathogenic interactions from a molecular perspective. Capacity to combine basic scientific discoveries with applied research (for example, biological control and invasive species), in order to improve agricultural sustainability. Profound experience with planning and conducting field sampling and laboratory experiments with insects and microorganisms, including data analyses. Extensive organismal species-level knowledge of insects and microorganisms (e.g. fungi). Experience with molecular biology and genomics methods (e.g. RNA-seq and genome sequencing) and programming-based analysis of big data. Management of research projects and successful track-record of grant applications.  Applicants are required to have university level teaching experience, documented teaching competencies and must be able to explain and reflect upon own teaching practice and portfolio.  Formal pedagogical training or supervision equivalent to the University of Copenhagen teacher training program for assistant professors is required.  Duties cover the applicant’s own research, including development of the research area, assessment tasks, grant applications, and research management such as supervision and training of research fellows and other staff. The successful applicant must also teach and supervise BSc and MSc students, prepare and participate in examinations, and fulfill other tasks requested by the Department, such as involvement in maintaining computational server resources. BSc and MSc level teaching areas cover, but are not limited to, animal and microorganism diversity (including teaching in species-knowledge during excursions and exercises), basic and applied biology and ecology, biodiversity and applied bioinformatics.  Assessment of applicants will primarily consider their level of documented, original scientific production at an international level, including contributions to developments in their field, as well as their documented teaching qualifications. Management and out-reach qualifications of applicants including ability to attract external funding will also be considered.  The Section for Organismal Biology focuses on fundamental and applied studies of plants, animals (both invertebrates and vertebrates) and microorganisms (mainly fungi) in terrestrial systems managed by humans. The section contains advanced microbiology and molecular laboratories as well as plant-growth and insect-rearing facilities.   Further information on the Department is linked at http://www.science.ku.dk/english/about-the-faculty/organisation/. Inquiries about the position can be made to Associate Professor Lene Sigsgaard, head of section, e-mail les@plen.ku.dk or tel. +45 35332674, or Professor Svend Christensen, head of department, e-mail svc@plen.ku.dk or tel. +45 51489421.  The position is open from 1 October 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter.   The University wishes our staff to reflect the diversity of society and thus welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background.  Terms of employment The position is covered by the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff.  Terms of appointment and payment accord to the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Danish Confederation of Professional Associations on Academics in the State.   Commencing salary is currently up to DKK 461.868 including annual supplement (+ pension up to DKK 78.979)  Negotiation for salary supplement is possible.  The application including all attachments must be in English and submitted electronically by clicking APPLY NOW below.   Please include  Curriculum vitae including information about external funding  Diplomas (Master and PhD degree or equivalent)  Research plan – description of current and future research plans  Description and documentation of teaching experience and qualifications according to university guidelines Complete publication list Separate reprints of 5 particularly relevant papers The deadline for applications is 5 April 2018, 23:59 GMT +1.  After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Interview Committee.   You can read about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk/faculty/recruitment-process/. ; Interviews/trial lectures will be held on 7 August 2018.   Please refer to the following no. in future communication in this case: 211-0553 ]