[Copenhagen Business School invites applications for a vacant PhD scholarship within the field of Digitalization. The Department of Digitalization cares about the interaction of people, information and technology in all of its manifestations. We study how individuals, groups, organizations and society can grow and prosper by capitalizing on digital technologies. Teaching responsibilities of the department comprise undergraduate and graduate teaching in Bachelor in Business Administration and Information Systems, Bachelor in Information Management, MSc in Business Administration and Information Systems and the MSc in IT (eBusiness). Examples of research areas that a scholarship might cover – please indicate in your application which one you are applying for: IT Challenges in Mergers and Acquisitions For further information please contact: associate professor Stefan Henningsson via e-mail sh.digi@cbs.dk. Internet of Things Theme (IoT) For further information please contact: associate professor Rasmus Pedersen via e-mail rp.digi@cbs.dk. Cashless Society For further information please contact: associate professor Jonas Hedman via e-mail jh.digi@cbs.dk. Big Social Data Analytics For further information please contact: professor Ravi Vatrapu via e-mail rv.digi@cbs.dk. Cloud Business For further information please contact: associate professor Xiao Xiao via e-mail xx.digi@cbs.dk. Sharing Economy For further information please contact: professor Ioanna Constantiou via e-mail ic.digi@cbs.dk. Digital Transformation of Work For further information please contact: professor Tina Blegind Jensen via e-mail tbj.digi@cbs.dk. Blockchain For further information please contact: professor Michel Avital via e-mail ma.digi@cbs.dk. Sports Digitalization For further information please contact: professor Chee-Wee Tan via e-mail ct.digi@cbs.dk. The Department will give priority to applicants with high grades from their universities. The three-year PhD programme at CBS allows you to conduct research under the supervision of CBS professors, supported by research training courses. The programme is highly international, and you are expected to participate in international research conferences and to spend time abroad as a visiting PhD student. See the CBS homepage for more information about the PhD programme, http://uk.cbs.dk/phd It is also required that the applicant shows an interest in joining the Department’s research environment, see http://uk.cbs.dk/digi CBS PhD graduates are held in high esteem not only in academia and research institutions but also in government and business where their research qualifications are increasingly demanded. One third of CBS PhD graduates go on to employment outside universities and public research institutions. Copenhagen Business School has a broad commitment to the excellence, distinctiveness and relevance of its teaching and research programmes. Candidates who wish to join us should demonstrate enthusiasm for working in an organisation of this type (highlighting, for example, relevant business, educational and dissemination activities). Appointment and salary will be in accordance with the Ministry of Finance’s agreement with the Central Academic Organisation. General information: A PhD scholarship runs for a period of 3 years, and includes teaching obligations equivalent of ½ year’s work (840 work hours). The scholarships are fully salaried positions, according to the national Danish collective agreement. The scholarship includes the tuition fees, office space, travel grants plus a salary, currently starting with per month app. DKK 23.770 (app. 3,160 euro) up to DKK 28.964 (app. 3,860 euro) depending on seniority, plus a pension contribution totalling 17,1 % of 85 per cent of the base salary. The salary level and appointment is determined by the Ministry of Finance’s collective agreement with the Central Academic Organisation. The PhD student will be enrolled at PhD School in Language, Law, Informatics, Operations Management, Accounting and Culture To be considered, the candidate should have a basic training at the Masters level (similar to the 3 + 2 Bologna process). An educational background in the social sciences is necessary. The applicant must have successfully completed the Masters degree before commencing PhD at CBS. The applicants must be fluent in English. The application (see link below) must include a 5 page project description. This research proposal should contain a presentation of an original research question, a description of the initial theoretical framework and methodology, a presentation of the suggested empirical material as well as a work-plan. In addition to the research proposal, the application must include copies of a Master’s degree certificate or other certificates of a corresponding level, brief curriculum vitae (CV), a list of papers and publications, and one copy of a selected written work (e.g. Master’s thesis). Applicants must enclose documentation for English language skills. Documentation of GRE and/or GMAT scores is strongly encouraged. For submitting GMAT scores, look up Copenhagen Business School in the GMAC register and choose the PhD Program. Recruitment procedure The Recruitment Committee expects to shortlist at least two-five applicants to be assessed by the Assessment Committee. All applicants will be notified of their status in the recruitment process shortly after the application deadline. Applicants selected for assessment will be notified about the composition of the Assessment Committee and later in the process about the result of the assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed each applicant will be notified of the outcome of their application. Please find guidelines and further information on scholarships and the Doctoral Programme at http://uk.cbs.dk/phd Application must be sent via the electronic recruitment system, using the link below. Copenhagen Business School must receive all application material, including all appendices (see items above), by the application deadline. Details about Copenhagen Business School and the department are available at http://www.cbs.dk Application due: 3. april 2018.]