[Are you a structured and experienced professional with a great empathic mind-set and a glowing interest in the logistics and supply chain environment? Then you might be our next Inbound Planner.We are on the lookout for a result oriented and innovative person to join our team where you will help structure, develop and optimise our different processes. You will have the chance of becoming a part of a thriving and performance driven department supporting factories in Kolding and Nordborg with the opportunity to challenge yourself.A resourceful position in a globally leading companyWith reference to the Team Leader of Inbound Logistics, we are looking for a skilled and professional inbound planner to join the team. You will manage a versatile and comprehensive position with a wide range of tasks and responsibilities.

Responsibility of ordering raw material from a group of suppliers in one or more material categories to secure on time deliveries.
Management of supplier development where you will need to establish close cooperation with the suppliers, work with continuous improvements, secure that the vendor has the right information on time, work structured on reducing lead times and reduce costs. This done through negotiating and maintaining logistics agreements with suppliers to secure needed capacity and material flexibility to meet our customer needs.
Responsibility for maintaining raw material safety stocks, using relevant tools to achieve needed stock level. You will secure that relevant fields in master data are maintained and updated on time.
Finally, you will be accountable for process development and optimisation to secure best practice across function areas and plants.
Proactive and innovative with a passion for logisticsYou hold a bachelor degree or similar within logistics/supply chain management and have at least some years’ logistic/supply chain experience in the logistics environment. You have excellent skills within communication, organising, analysing and negotiating. You understand and respect cultural differences.As a person you are proactive, driven and persistent. You are structured and can prioritise and manage time, while you maintain the ability to overlook several processes simultaneously without losing focus. You possess an innovative mind-set and have a high ethical understanding. You respect and understand the business’ needs, and take these into consideration in every decision, e.g. when participating in development of the supplier category. Your English skills are at an advanced level, both orally and written, and your IT skills are extensive, as you understand the usage of the following; advanced MS Office: Excel, PPT, Root Cause Problem Solving (RCPS) as well as Lean skills and tools. Lastly you have advanced knowledge of logistic processes, e.g. MIFA, Kanban, VMI and consignment stock. Furthermore, SAP R3 (MM, PP) and Business Intelligence knowledge is an advantage.For further information about the position,please contact Rasmus Jørgensen, Sr. Manager Logistics, on +45 2383 9167. For questions about the recruitment process, please contact Senior Recruiter, Lone Midtgaard Wrang on +45 6131 1275.Please apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline but accept applications as long as the job is posted.The position will be closed down once we have found the right candidate.
 
Auto req ID
12835BR
 ]