[SKOV continues its successful growth strategy as the market potential is great globally. As a consequence we are looking for several new competent and dedicated employees. Right now we are looking for two Software Engineers, Fullstack Developers to join us - and for the right candidates, it is a perfect time to get on board and influence the development. SKOV are implementing new services that can create value for our customers. These services are based on data from existing and new installations all over the world and create the possibility to make analytics based on Big Data.Your role is to play an active part in the architecture and design of a cloud based system, based on state of the art technologies within this field.  You will join a team of 30 skilled software developers, who work with further development of our existing portfolio and introduction of new cloud based solutions for our customers worldwide. Your working day will be exciting and varied, and you will be in contact with many colleagues both inside and outside the project team, e.g. with SKOV Business Development.  We are using Agile methods and SCRUM, and you will be part of the entire development process. You will have the opportunity to follow the product development process from analysis and specification, design and development through to final participation in the test and follow-up at the customer’s. You can look forward to a range of exciting tasks, but your main focus will be: Front end development in TypeScript using UI framework such as React or AngularJS. Backend development in C# .NET Core. Database development using MySQL and/or MSSQL.In order to be a success, we expect that you: Have a B.Sc or M.Sc in SW engineering, Computer Science/Engineering, or similar. Experience from a similar position will be an advantage. Possess deep knowledge and experience in development of server-based services and web based frontends. Are strong in software architecture and SW development and code with ease C#, TypeScript and SQL. Are Excellent in HTML/DOM and JavaScript and have Strong knowledge in databases, SQL or NoSQL. Have good knowledge in UI Development.On the personal level you are a quality- and result-oriented person for whom software development is a passion. You are a skilled software developer with a very good understanding of and enthusiasm for working with complex systems. Working together in smaller teams comes naturally to you, and you find it easy to collaborate with our English-speaking colleagues based in Germany and Malaysia.  We offer:  Working on the global market and having a unique know-how and a strong range of products, SKOV can offer professional challenges and career opportunities. The company is headquartered in Glyngoere, Denmark, has a subsidiary in Thailand and sales offices in 16 countries. SKOV employs more than 350 skilled and dedicated members of staff who work in a culture characterized by an open, professional and respectful tone. The work environment is informal, and you are offered good working conditions with flexibility and freedom with responsibility.Do you want to join us?  Please send your cover letter, CV, copy of your diplomas and other relevant attachments as soon as possible, but no later than 15th April 2018 by clicking on “Apply”.]