[Do you want to be part of an ambitious, talented and adventurous team on the quest to optimise the way organisations communicate with and manage their frontline staff? Actimo is a communication and management platform that does just that. We are proud of the work we do, bridging the gap between headquarter management and mobile-first employees across a range of industry and trade sectors, specialising in their communication, onboarding and training. Among our fast-growing customer portfolio of more than 100 enterprise accounts, are companies such as Vodafone, BMW, Sport24, Nespresso and Novo Nordisk. 
 
What are we seeking?
We’re currently in a process of rapid expansion as the demand for our product has boosted brand awareness in both the Danish and international markets. Therefore, we are looking for an outgoing and self-motivated Sales Executive. We consider ourselves “agents of change,” so the right candidate will be strong and not afraid to challenge customers. This will typically involve convincing C-level executives about how they can approach their business differently, while at the same time, recognising the importance of nurturing customer relationships. You’ll love solving customers’ problems as much as closing deals. Your level of ambition and determination is off the scale, and you’ll relish the opportunity to be a crucial part of the Actimo team that will result in exponential personal and professional growth. 
 
What sort of responsibilities can you expect?
The role of Sales Executive is an exciting and challenging opportunity for you to direct the sales process, with support from your Customer Success and Sales colleagues. 
 
Your main priorities will be to:


Proactively identify new customer leads through phone and face-to-face appointments.

Guide the sales process from start to finish (you are able to convert customer interest into booked meetings, all the way through to the negotiation and signing of contracts).

Analyse problems facing the customer and position Actimo as the solution.

Construct, forecast, and manage your sales pipeline via our CRM. 

Take feedback from customers, resolve issues and funnel it into the product development process.

Make sure that the CRM system is updated at all times with current and prospective customer information, in accordance with the KPI’s set by your manager.
 
Desired skills and experience:
The right candidate for this position is people-oriented and results-driven, with an independent approach to work. You demonstrate initiative on a daily basis, using your network of personal and professional contacts to generate new leads and increase your sales volume. You can present a compelling business case to customers using various ROI and market risk analyses, as well as your own data collection methods.You have proven time management skills and are not intimidated by tight deadlines. You enjoy working at a fast pace in a growing company. In short, you are a challenger that always exceeds your sales quota and is capable of adding new value and knowledge to any business. 
 
Preferred personal profile:


Demonstration of intellect, drive, executive presence and sales acumen.

Extremely proactive and upbeat with strong organisational skills.

Experience in a tech startup/sales environment, ideally as part of a SaaS-based company.

Knowledge of the full life cycle of the sales process from prospecting to closing.

Ability to manage C-level relationships within medium/large organisations.

Proven track record of building a client base and consistently exceeding revenue targets and company goals.

Relies on data-driven decision making to inform the sales process.

A personality that easily builds rapport with clients by adding-value and strategic insight to their business.

Comfortable discussing management techniques and basic statistics (correlation, regression, distributions, etc.)

Strong communication skills in Danish and English (at a minimum).
 
Benefits and perks:


Joining a great international team

Participation in company warrant programme

Relocation assistance if you come from outside Denmark

Opportunity to work from our office in Barcelona

Annual company trip to international mystery locations

Free fruit, coffee and use of the office kitchen

Friday afternoon drinks
 
About us:
At Actimo, we believe that our product can radically transform the way big corporations communicate with their employees. We are looking for someone who will not only fit in, but positively contribute to our talented and energised team of professionals. 
While we are based in Copenhagen, we are currently in the process of expanding to new offices in Barcelona and London. Our customers span 13 different countries with active users in more than 150 countries worldwide. The Venture Fund Promentum has also recently reinforced their commitment to Actimo by investing a further eight figures (DKK) in the platform, putting us in a strong financial position moving forwards. 
Ultimately, we are a group of intelligent, committed, and motivated people who always strive to achieve our personal best. We maintain a high level of professionalism around the office while also ensuring a positive work culture where hard work is rewarded.
 
Sounds like the job for you? Join us for an amazing journey.]