[Are you motivated by making a difference in a Global organisation and passionate about harnessing our natural resources? Are you driven by pushing the boundaries of technology and developing new methodologies, tools & processes within a multidisciplinary organisation?Are you looking for exciting opportunities within the wind energy sector? Join Vestas Power Solutions.Take a look at this exciting strategic role, where you will be given the opportunity to contribute to advancing the future of both siting engineering and Vestas products.Product Management - Product Commercialization - Global SitingProduct Management drives Vestas Product Strategy making sure that Vestas always has the right competitive product offerings to stay ahead of competitors. Product Management has a global reach into our sales regions, including responsibility for technical solution design, technical sales and technical bid management. In everything we do we have a commercial and customer orientated approach. Vestas has a long history of investing in siting research and development. We have been an industry leader in applying high-performance computing, CFD, meteorology and loads engineering in the wind industry for over a decade. Global Siting's Vision is "Competitive Siting to release the full potential of Vestas products". This new position is part of an expansion of the central team in headquarters. One of several key strategic initiatives being implemented in Global Siting.ResponsibilitiesThis position is strategically placed in the Product Management organisation reporting to the Head of Global Siting. You will have two key areas of responsibility. The first is a strategic focus on the medium and long-term development of siting in Vestas. This will involve the gathering of new ideas for tools, processes and products and development of the siting roadmap. The second area of responsibility is a focus on the near-term operational support. This will involve supporting the siting community with advanced subject matter expert support.Qualifications

Bachelor or Master of Engineering or another relevant education.
You can demonstrate siting technical experience more than 10 years.
You are a skilled user of WASP/WindPRO/Windfarmer/OpenWind - or other such analysis software.
You have a good understanding of meteorology and flow modelling.
You have experience in project management and planning.
You possess excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.
You speak and write English fluently.
International working experience would be advantageous.
Competencies

You believe in our values of Collaboration, Simplicity and Accountability.
You have a high level of drive and can challenge the status quo while maintaining operations.
You are customer-orientated and have the ability to understand the complete business value chain.
You find it challenging and interesting to work with other people in a large organisation.
You are capable of building an intensive network across cultures and time zones.
You have profound communication and presentation skills.
You focus on processes and like to get things structured.
You like being proactive and completing objectives.
You work independently but value collaboration and teamwork.
What we offerWe offer a true global challenge in a project-orientated organisation with excellent opportunities for cross-disciplinary and personal development. Emphasis is placed on the right balance between collaboration, value creation, creativity and quality in all solutions. You will benefit from working at a high strategic level within a strong technically inspired environment. You will be directly responsible for the set-up of the new department.Additional informationThe work location is Aarhus, Denmark. For additional information about the position please contact the Head of Global Siting - Shane Browne on tel. +45 5221 1438, or via shbro@vestas.com.About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
 
Job Wind & SitePrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Århus N
 
Unposting Date Ongoing]