[Do you want to be part of developing the future of green energy solutions for offshore wind power? For our Offshore Nacelle & Hub Department R&D we are looking for a dedicated Technical Project Manager. You will become part of a dynamic R&D environment where we work with the latest and most advanced technologies within wind power contributing to future green energy solutions. What are my responsibilities?As a Technical project manager you will be responsible for development of a given sub-module within nacelle and hub from concept to serial production following Siemens Gamesa development process. The project team consists of mechanical design engineers, structural design engineers and specialists within different areas of competences. You have a good technical understanding together with project management skills. Your role furthermore includes the following points:·         Development of concepts·         Handling of learnings from prototype and 0-series turbines·         Sparring with mechanical design engineers, structural design engineers and specialists·         Concept reviews and design reviews·         Time planning·         Cost planning·         D-FMEA·         Design risk assessment·         Overview of BoM structure and 3D assemblies·         Stakeholder management: Prototype workshop, production, service, EHS, installation, procurement, supplier quality, generator, tower, Electricals, operational engineering etc. What do I need to qualify for this job?·         You have a bachelor or master in mechanical or civil engineering·         You have experience in development of mechanical design and project management·         You possess high analytical skills and have a strong physical understanding and are able to combine that with common sense·         You are outgoing and proactive, and you possess the ability to work both independently and in teams·         You are structured and innovative, and your approach to task solving is both technically sound and commercially viable·         You have good communication and English skills both orally and in writing In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergyWith a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark.Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]