[This position offers the opportunity to be part of building up a best-in-class Procurement team to support our largest production area in building a sustainable cost base for the future. You will get unique exposure to a global organisation and stakeholder landscape where you can use your project management skills to make a difference in a time where procurement excellence is prominent on the corporate agenda.About the departmentThe position is based in the Product Supply Sourcing team which is part of Corporate Procurement. Corporate Procurement is responsible for the indirect spend in Novo Nordisk and for defining and driving the Global Procurement strategy.Corporate Procurement consists of 140 employees based in Denmark and India, and globally 500 people work in procurement.We promote a global mind-set, dedication to business partnering and a relentless focus on creating rewarding careers for our people. We work fact-based, are dedicated to collaborative problem solving and take active leadership for the initiatives we are involved in. We invest significant resources in developing our employees through coaching, frequent feedback, formal training and by giving challenging responsibility to individuals.Corporate Procurement is anchored with direct report to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Novo Nordisk.The positionAs part of Product Supply Sourcing, you will join a team of 6+ highly talented and ambitious individuals, consisting of project managers with broad backgrounds in procurement and business development and data analytics professionals. As a Project Manager, you will report directly to the Team Manager.In your role, you will take on the responsibility to drive procurement excellence and development at one or more production sites primarily outside Denmark in the US, Brazil, France and/or China. Consequently, we expect you are willing to travel for a few weeks at a time. As we work in close collaboration and often on site with line of business, you will focus on value-adding activities for the benefit and satisfaction of our customers. Recent examples of projects include establishing an effective purchase governance framework, outsourcing a non-core activity, creating a category strategy, negotiating contracts, building and automating spend transparency, etc.We are ambitious and constantly strive for excellence so we expect you to take a proactive role in the continuous development of the department.This is a unique opportunity for personal and professional development working in a high performance culture where we take pride in being a great place to work and deliver high impact and value to Novo Nordisk.QualificationsYou have completed a Master's degree (e.g. in economics, business administration, finance, engineering, supply chain management or similar) with excellent results. You bring a solid project management toolbox build on 2-5 years of experience working with procurement, project management or business development in a leading organisation or as a management consultant from a top tier consultancy.You are known for your strong drive and ability to create results, your problem solving & analytical skills and an international mind-set. As you will cooperate broadly with many stakeholders, you have excellent collaboration and stakeholder management skills and you communicate clearly and concisely. Finally, you work fluently in English and preferably another non-Danish language.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we have been changing diabetes since 1923. If you are ready to strengthen our position as an innovative pioneer and respected industry leader, we encourage you to join us to make the most of your talent. At Novo Nordisk, your skills, dedication and ambition help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent and benefit from a range of possibilities for professional and personal development.ContactFor further information, please contact Michael Rubio at +45 3077 7520 or Mathias Højberg Kjær at +45 3079 6176.Deadline2 April 2018.]