[Job Description
Do you have an analytical mind-set, and does working with complex data motivate you? Would a challenging position in one of Denmark’s largest industrial organizations appeal to you? Then you should consider joining Danfoss Procurement as our new Business Analyst. With us, you will get the opportunity to strengthen your personal and professional skills in a dedicated and ambitious environment. You will become part of our Procurement Team reporting directly to the Senior Director Controlling.This position is a maternity cover for 18 months. For the right candidate there will most likely be great opportunities awaiting after the cover has ended.  Provide analyses of complex data and report to managementYour overall mission will be to secure reporting, design and development of core savings and pipeline key performance indicators.  You will work closely with our direct category team in Danfoss Procurement, but also many sourcing specialists in our segments. With your analytical talent and cooperation skills, you will, furthermore, be responsible for providing analyses, data and presentations to the Procurement Management. This includes analyzing complex data, identifying anomalies and providing information in a user-friendly format. Furthermore, your tasks will be to: 


Analyze, consolidate and provide structured reports and analysis regarding our savings and rest of year pipeline based on the different reporting tools available

Liaise with stakeholders to ensure adherence to and understanding of our business processes and reporting rules

Work with the Procurements specialists, Business Warehouse and Danfoss Business Systems teams to verify, develop and improve our data availability, integrity and quality 
An analytical force with solid cooperation skillsYou have a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in economics or equivalent. You have at least 5 years relevant working experience, and you have profound and professional knowledge of the MS Office Professional Suite, including advanced Excel skills. Knowledge of SAP and Business Information Warehouse would be an advantage.  Most importantly, you have solid analytical and cooperation skills, and you are strong with figures and numbers.You are willing to go the extra mile to secure the results, and you are comfortable in an environment requiring personal resilience and flexibility concerning work pressure. You will be working in a fast moving environment and therefore must also be capable of and comfortable with shifting focus and changing work priorities. Last but not least, you have a strong personal drive and communicate effortlessly in written and spoken English. If you want to learn more about the position,Please contact Senior Recruiter, Kasper Kiel Aagaard +45 2063 3526Apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline, but the position will remain open till the right candidate is found.
 
Auto req ID
12384BR
 ]