[What impact will you make? Do you wish to create an impact, while evolving in a dynamic and inclusive culture founded on cooperation, curiosity and high ambitions? If so, Deloitte is the place for you! We acknowledge and fulfil your potential and offer you a strong professional network, where you can unfold your interests and passions. Specifically, this is your opportunity to join a new and innovative M&A team specialising in the Financial Services Industry. The team focuses on providing world-class M&A services to the Nordic’s leading Financial Institutions and Private Equity Houses. We are part of Nordic Financial Advisory and work closely with our Nordic colleagues, both on project-specific assignments and on long-term secondments, which gives you a great opportunity to explore the M&A market from a Nordic and international perspective. We are building the team and are looking for outstanding candidates to work alongside us.     
Your team The Financial Advisory practice at Deloitte advises clients ranging from multi-national corporates to private equity, owner managed businesses, creditors, shareholders and governments. We offer expertise in Restructuring, Advisory Corporate Finance, Raising Capital, and Forensic, Real Estate Advisory and Transactions as well as a number of specialist services. We work with our clients at the heart of major and often high profile transactions including mergers and acquisitions, disposals and Initial Public Offerings. We also provide expert advisory and due diligence services, fraud prevention and detection, and rescuing, supporting and improving underperforming businesses. Highly-regarded commercial real estate consultancy services complement our financial capabilities. Financial Advisory is a fast-paced and challenging environment with both UK and international exposure. We value people who enjoy finding solutions to problems, are comfortable dealing with complexity, have strong business acumen, and can talk to a wide range of people with tact and diplomacy. In return, we offer a career path that’s rich in variety and allows you to gain insight into the Financial Services Industry.
Your assignmentsYour tasks and responsibilities will be scalable with your capabilities and ambitions and you will constantly be challenging yourself to learn new skills and come up with new ideas. We believe in leadership at all levels. Therefore, we foster a culture that encourages you to take the lead on your specific development level. This exciting opportunity will see the successful candidate advise on a range of buy-side and sell-side transactions, providing bespoke solutions to complex deal issues. On a day-to-day basis this will comprise providing Corporate Finance support including advisory and due diligence services for transactions occurring in the Financial Services Industry.Our clients are at the centre of what we do. Developing a deep understanding of their business and commercial environment is essential for our success. As such, the successful candidate will also spend time building lasting client relationships based on deep industry knowledge and relevant research.
Your qualificationsBecoming a part of the Nordic Financial Services Advisory team requires that:

You are able to quickly understand and articulate key value drivers in a business
You have excellent numeracy skills with keen attention to detail and the ability to absorb and interpret large amounts of data quickly
You have strong problem solving skills
You maintain a client and team focus, with the ability to work quickly and establish effective working relationships
You have the ability to manage a diverse group of senior stakeholders
You have the ability to develop, coach and motivate junior members of the team
You are enthusiastic with a positive attitude and a desire to learn
You have experience in either the Financial Services Industry or Mergers & Acquisitions (desirable but not essential)
You hold an ACA, CFA or equivalent accounting/finance qualification, although this is not essential depending on other experience
Your locationYou will be based in the Deloitte Copenhagen office, however trips will be required for client-based projects. The team is focused across the Nordic region – our clients are varied and vary in location. For the right candidate, there is a possibility of being based at a separate Deloitte office in the Nordic region. 
Your hoursThis is a permanent role. We do encourage careful consideration of agile ways of working, both formal and informal arrangement that allow for the best outcomes for our people and our clients.
Impact that mattersWe all aspire to fulfil our purpose - to make an impact that matters. Every single day. We measure our success in the quality, creativity, integrity and innovative in our solutions. Only the best is good enough. We do not just aspire to make solutions. We wish to create an impact that makes a positive and crucial difference for the people around us our clients and our society.
Contact and applicationSend us your application, your CV and other relevant documents by following the link below. The deadline is 1 May 2018. We process applications and arrange interviews continually. Hence, we recommend that you apply as soon as possible. Please do not hesitate to contact Tom Johannessen at +45 30 37 08 28 or Mike Robinson at +44 7717 347714, if you have questions about the position. You can read more about Deloitte at deloitte.dk and about our career opportunities at karriere.deloitte.dk.]