[Job Description
Do you want to work with the very latest Planning tools within Sales, Inventory and Operation Planning (SIOP) and Forecasting processes using latest cloud based solutions? Do you have a strong interest in keeping up with the newest technologies, and knows how to integrate different IT solutions? Can you translate Danfoss business needs into concepts and concrete IT solutions utilizing Anaplan functionality? Then keep on reading, as we might have the perfect career opportunity for you as our new IT Consultant within Sales, Inventory and Operation Processes.Danfoss Group IT is looking for a dedicated and ambitious consultant within SIOP to join our digitalization journey.Work with the smartest people and the newest technologiesSIOP is a supply chain tactical planning solution which Danfoss are building on the Anaplan cloud platform. The aim is to replace all existing tools inside Danfoss used for Demand Planning, Sales and Operations planning, Inventory Planning and Inventory MonitoringAnaplan is an innovative modelling platform build as a multi-tenant cloud system (SaaS) using in-memory technology. Model building are performed with excel-like formulas for powerful multi-dimensional modeling. The SIOP solution will be an integral part of OneERP ecosystem and fetches data from BI, SAP ERP systems and loads the final forecast and stock settings in ERP.You will become a part of a department, which at present have many resources deeply involved in designing ONE ERP, and thereby changing Danfoss future IT architecture significantly. You will work with latest IT technologies in a global team, together with other consultants and software engineers in close contact with colleagues within IT and the overall Business. Your key areas of responsibility:As a model builder, you are primary responsible to successful understand business needs and propose and create optimized solutions on the Anaplan platform. Furthermore, in your areas of responsibility you will find: 

Translate existing solutions, spreadsheets, and business problems into sophisticated Anaplan multi-dimensional models.
Modify existing models as part of a connected solution, optimize and incorporate new functionalities.
Serve as a logical expert for large scale connected planning solutions.
Provide candid, meaningful feedback and progress updates in a timely manner to management in all corners of the organization.
Develop relevant model documentation.
Participate in data integration and migration solutions as well as in business interactions to understand actual needs and propose logical and optimized solutions.
During roll-in of OneERP in the coming 3 years, the demand for logically sound minds who can understand and contribute to the data architecture including extraction, crunching and output usage will be extensive. After the roll-in there will be responsibilities for next step developments, continuously improve, enhance, adapt and support.The successful candidateBesides your analytical and bright mindset, you will have an expert role in providing the business with the smartest, ground breaking and state-of-the-art solutions and processes allowing them to pursue their individual goals. There is more than one way into this position, your educational background could be from various backgrounds such as Finance, Engineering, Mathematics, Sales or IT, most importantly, you have the ability to work detailed with big data and at the same time zoom out to provide relevant output to stakeholders from all of Danfoss. Moreover, you have:

Extensive knowledge of planning processes and modelling in supply chain.
Advanced knowledge in Business Intelligence
Are service minded and good at taking initiative and adapting to new situations
Excellent Problem solving and analytical skills
Result oriented, motivated and self-starter
Manage own task and respect overall deadlines
Desire to work with a truly dynamic, multinational and exciting team, with an “up your sleeve” and “go-do” approach
Finally, you have a strong desire to grow your competencies by gaining exposure in multiple business entities across the world and communicates effortlessly in both written and oral English.What Danfoss offersRobust structures, quick decision-making paths and an organizational culture that encourages achievement based on trust, together with a lot of freedom to implement your own ideas is the professional environment that we are offering to you. In these exciting times, you have the chance to actively participate in the development and execution of innovative business strategies on a national and international scale.For further information about the position,Please contact, Manager, Forecast to Plan, Jan Ulrik Nielsen +45 3093 9341.Please apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline but accept applications as long as the job is posted. The position will be closed once we have found the right candidate.Company ProfileWatch how Danfoss is Engineering tomorrow, here.
 
Auto req ID
12788BR
 ]