[Do you want to work at one of the most advanced diagnostic centers in the world? And can you create algorithms that make big data readable and thereby lowering the costs associated with wind?
For the Siemens Gamesa Diagnostic Centre in Brande, we are looking for a talented data scientist to help us pursue new diagnostic solutions enhancing the turbine performance over the long term. At our Diagnostic Centre we have proactively collected turbine data for more than 15 years. Using advanced signal processing and machine learning combined with years of experience with diagnostics, we make data-driven decisions for our customers every day. 
What are my responsibilities?We are in the process of maturing our platform for advanced diagnostic analysis and have started moving it to the cloud, where we will be working with technologies such as containers, message queues, NoSQL databases and much more. 
As a data scientist in our Vibration Diagnostics department you will take part in shaping the future wind turbine diagnostics by being responsible for the continuous development of new diagnostic models and measurement setup. In this work you will be in contact with external suppliers and internal stakeholders. More specifically, your work will cover:
·  Constant development of new signal processing and machine learning algorithms that can detect the smallest deviation in data, indicating turbine defects.·  Optimization and development of existing software tools for turbine monitoring.·  Development of intuitive and informative reporting solutions to customers, based on a large set of fleet data.·  Responsibility for specific investigations linked to the root cause analyses of our wind turbines. 
What do I need to qualify for this job?·  You have a PhD or MSc degree within the fields of electrical engineering, computer science, mathematics or physics.·  In your career, you have gained experience in statistical analysis and profound knowledge about scientific programming (Python, Matlab etc.), preferably from an industrial enterprise.·  You have an analytical and innovative mindset, and you are not afraid of working with terabytes of data.·  As a person you always seek to improve existing technologies as well as invent, develop and apply new ones.·  You are highly result-oriented and able to work independently as well as part of a team.·  It comes naturally to you to build and maintain good and rewarding relationships.·  Furthermore you possesses excellent English skills, both orally and written. 
In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. 
About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 25,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. 
Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 5,700 employees out of a global staff of 25,000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. ;
We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. 
By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. 
Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. 
For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. 
Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]