[Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Science at University of Copenhagen (DIKU) is offering a PhD scholarship in algorithms expected to commence 1 August 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter. The position is funded by the Danish Sapere Aude Starting Grant "Dynamic and Static Graph Algorithms and Data Structures" held by Associate Professor Christian Wulff-Nilsen.   The project focuses on algorithms theory for graph problems such as shortest paths, minimum spanning tree, and max flow, in static graphs as well as in a dynamic setting where graphs change over time, typically by edge/vertex updates. A key goal is to obtain a better understanding of the true time and space complexities of such problems by developing more efficient algorithms and data structures than state-of-the-art.   The Algorithms Group at DIKU is prolific at the topmost conferences like SODA, STOC, and FOCS, e.g. with 10 papers accepted for SODA'18. Adding to the excitement, we have just started the new center Basic Algorithms Research Copenhagen (BARC, cf. barc.ku.dk) and the project is co-located with this center. The aim is to attract top talent from around the world to an ambitious, creative, collaborative, and fun environment. Using the power of mathematics, we strive to create fundamental breakthroughs in algorithmic thinking, typically disseminated in top venues such as STOC, FOCS, and SODA. Finally, it should be mentioned that Computer Science and Engineering at University of Copenhagen was 11th in the 2017 Shanghai Ranking, and 3rd outside the US.   Principal supervisor is Associate Professor Christian Wulff-Nilsen, Department of Computer Science, koolooz@di.ku.dk.   Job description  The position is available for a 3-year period and your key tasks as a PhD student at SCIENCE are:  To manage and carry through your research project  Attend PhD courses  Write scientific articles and your PhD thesis  Teach and disseminate your research  To stay at an external research institution for a few months, preferably abroad  Work for the department  Formal requirements  Applicants must have  an MSc degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or a related field and good English skills  a demonstrated talent within algorithms (the type of results that get published at SODA, STOC, and FOCS). This should be demonstrated by top grades in relevant courses in mathematics or computer science, or at the International Olympiads of Mathematics or Informatics, or by publications at conferences like SODA, STOC, and FOCS  Terms of employment  The position is covered by the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff.   Terms of appointment and payment accord to the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Danish Confederation of Professional Associations on Academics in the State.   The starting salary is currently at a minimum DKK 317.448 including annual supplement (+ pension up to DKK 43.848). Negotiation for salary supplement is possible.   Application Procedure  The application, in English, must be submitted electronically by clicking APPLY NOW below.   Please include  Cover Letter, detailing your motivation and background for applying for the specific PhD project CV  Diploma and transcripts of records (BSc and MSc)  Other information for consideration, e.g. list of publications (if any),  Full contact details (Name, address, telephone & email) of 1-3 professional referees  The University wishes our staff to reflect the diversity of society and thus welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background.   The deadline for applications is 1 April 2018, 23:59 GMT +2.   After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Interview Committee. Afterwards an assessment committee will be appointed to evaluate the selected applications. The applicants will be notified of the composition of the committee and the final selection of a successful candidate will be made by the Head of Department, based on the recommendations of the assessment committee and the interview committee.  The main criterion for selection will be the research potential of the applicant and the above mentioned skills. The successful candidate will then be requested to formally apply for enrolment as a PhD student at the PhD school of Science. You can read more about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk/faculty/recruitment-process/.   Questions  For specific information about the PhD scholarship, please contact the principal supervisor Associate Professor Christian Wulff-Nilsen, Department of Computer Science, e-mail koolooz@di.ku.dk.   General information about PhD programmes at SCIENCE is available at http://www.science.ku.dk/phd.   ]