[Vestas Global IT is going through an interesting transformation to become more business aligned and value driven. Leveraging deliveries from outsourcing partners is an integrated part of this transformation. To strengthen and improve our outsourcing of application development and application maintenance & support we see a need to engage a service delivery manager to monitor and improve deliveries and services from outsourcing partners. You will navigate in an exciting field between an internal teams and outsourced delivery organisations, using your stakeholder management skills to succeed.Global IT - Finance, P&C, Data & Ana. SDM & Delivery - Delivery CoordinationWhen IT Operation of services are handled by outsourcing partners, Application Delivery and Support interacts with sourcing partners / external vendors on optimizing the delivery, operation and SLA compliance activities and related governance to ensure quality in the delivery and safeguarding of existing solutions.You will have the opportunity to work in a challenging environment as a mediator/facilitator between an internal IT organisation and an outsourcing partner. The role is instrumental to succeed in the journey Global IT is on.ResponsibilitiesPrimary responsibilities:

Responsible for deliveries coming from the Application Delivery and Support team, as well facilitating performance management and reporting to tactical and strategic fora’s. You have experience with managing the relation with sourcing partner as a single point of contact - also for escalations, ensuring that that the outsourcing vendor's performance meets its contractual service-level commitments.
Being responsible for managing internal and external stakeholders in relation to the deliveries from the sourcing partner and at the same time driving tactical and operational initiatives towards sourcing partner is key.
Responsible for establishing and defining the delivering processes or indirect mechanisms, even though these might not exist at the current stage or are not sufficient. This is done by driving governance improvements and consequently making coordination in terms of cross vendor issues and initiatives.
Secondary responsibilities:

Monitoring is key in identifying SLA's and KPI's, hence being able to spot areas which call for attention, and correct failed activities, functions and processes in a timely manner. Another important focus area is to provide guidance to ensure that certain activities will achieve the necessary gains through outsourcing partner.
Therefore, preparing new SLAs and KPI's is also key.
QualificationsThe preferred candidate will have 

3-5 years of experience from similar position(s). 
Experience as a Service Delivery Manager is an advantage.
Experience in SAP and/or Microsoft development and support either on the functional or the technical side is a major advantage.
Experience with outsourcing governance and business models in a prerequisite.
Deep understanding of infrastructure and application management and support processes.
Experiences with Indian SAP and Microsoft outsourcing partners is an advantage.
Project management experience.
Cross cultural understanding (DK and IN).
Master degree in IT, Business Administration or similar.
Competencies

Ability to manage projects and deliveries.
Monitor day-to-day vendor performance against SLAs Relationship management.
Collaborate and communicate with vendor, contract managers and Global IT Subject Matter Experts and Architects.
Analyze the performance and initiate appropriate corrective actions.
Ability to drive and lead with the goal in focus.
High degree of flexibility and stamina to adapt to an ever-changing environment.
Problem solving-oriented attitude.
Self-driven but also enjoy the benefits of working in a team.
Challenge and ask questions to processes and surroundings.
What we offerYou will get the chance to engage with a large array of stakeholders also outside Vestas Global IT and sharpen your skills in Service Delivery Management. The focus in this position is on IT but will also get insight into the Wind Turbine industry.Additional informationPrimary work location is Aarhus N, DK. Travel must be expected, especially to India. For additional information please contact Director, Delivery Coordination, Kim Jensen +45 40553652.About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
Job Information TechnologyPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Aarhus N
Unposting Date Ongoing]