[Are you a structured planner with experience from a production environment? Do you thrive in a fast-moving and global production industry, where quality is the essence? Would you like to represent a globally renowned, premium hi-fi brand?Do you want to join an experienced Production and Planning team? Dynaudio is in an exciting development, and we experience an increasing demand, meaning new challenges for the structure of our supply chain. You will become part of our Planning team, where we work with a high level of structure and with independent areas of responsibility. You will join an experienced team of four employees, where communication and a sharing information is a key factor for success securing the organization’s supply chain management. Your main responsibilitiesYour main responsibility as a Production Planner is to ensure:Planning of production for our main production based on forecastA structured coordination and a strong communication line to your colleagues in Procurement and Internal SalesA constructive dialogue with internal customers and suppliersYou will be following up on delivery and will communicate daily with our internal customers and suppliers. Your profile mattersYou have at least 5 years of experience with production planning and you have a structures and pragmatic approach to your tasks. Moreover, hands-on experience with Axapta is a requirement.We also expect that you are capable of:Interacting with all organizational levels and profilesAnalyzing data and have a structured approach to the short and long-term planning activitiesStaying positive and smile despite challenges and changesFurthermore, as you will be a part of a global organisation, being able to communicate fluently in written and oral English is a requirement. We offer a positive working environmentWe offer a chance to influence and create important results for our Production Planning team.You will become part of a strong team and an organisation with a friendly tone and a relaxed working atmosphere. Moreover, you will have the opportunity for professional training, a great canteen, annual employee events and an active employee association. Interested? Get typing!Upload your application online by following the link below. Applications will be processed successively, and the deadline for being evaluated is April 30th, 2018. You can expect an answer within approximately six weeks.When applying you should be aware, that if you are amongst the candidates invited to proceed in our evaluation process, you will potentially take part in two interviews, testing (personal and logic) and reference taking. We handle your data confidential and according to Danish and European laws. We look forward to reading your application. All qualified applicant will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, gender, religion, national origin, age, political affiliation, sexual orientation or the like. We are committed to building a great working atmosphere for everyone. If you have questions to the job description or recruitment process, please contact Mogens Laursen at HR@dynaudio.comFor applying, please upload your application online by clicking on the link below:https://app.jobmatchprofile.com/uheeuk                                                        ]