[For our Global Offshore R&D Nacelle & Hub Department within the Technology Section, we are looking for a skilled Structural Engineer. The department has the responsibility to develop and design the Nacelle and Hub modules, from concept to tested and verified products, ready for handover to serial production.
In this role, you will be part of a dynamic and international R&D environment where we work with the latest and most advanced technologies within wind power, contributing to future green energy solutions.
 What are my responsibilities?


Structural calculations (extreme and fatigue) of primarily steel and aluminium structures using FEA and analytical methods according to Eurocode, certified guidelines, etc.

Dynamic evaluations and investigations

Provide input for field and prototype testing

Make sure that needed updates are implemented in design basis and design tools

Deliver certification packages

Optimize existing designs
 What do I need to qualify for this job?


You have a M.Sc. in Mechanical or Civil Engineering with a minimum of 3 years of experience within the structural field, preferably from the wind turbine or offshore industry. Alternatively you are a highly skilled recent graduate with analytical flair and an outstanding educational track record to show for it

You are an experienced Ansys and Matlab user and are familiar with Eurocode and common guidelines and standards

You have a thorough and structured approach to your work and are able to find innovative solutions to problems

You are an independent and proactive self-starter and persistent in reaching your goals

You strive in a cross-functional, international setting and understand team dynamics

You possess excellent English skills both orally and in writing
 
In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated.
 
About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy 
With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange.
 
Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7,500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27,000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark.
Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html.
 
We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees.
 
By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits.
 
Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role.
 
For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.
 
We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation.
 
Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]