[Do you love LEGO? Do you love mobile gaming? And are you ready to take part in the LEGO Group’s digital games process?
Do you love LEGO? Do you love mobile gaming? And are you ready to take part in the LEGO Group’s digital games process? You will be working with the world’s top mobile developers and publishers in creating high quality LEGO mobile games that define what Digital LEGO play experiences are.
Welcome to Digital Games in Billund!
The Digital Games team is responsible for all games across console and mobile in the LEGO Group. We support the overall digitalisation agenda across all LEGO brands in close collaboration with external partners. Our ambition is to develop new and unseen gaming experiences ¬– worldwide - that develop and inspire the builder of tomorrow! Responsible for digital products in a highly competitive market
You’ll be part of a small agile and cross-functional team based in Billund that collaborates with the world’s best mobile developers and publishers. We work exclusively with external partners. Hence the job as the product lead is, to manage the partnerships and make sure that we are on mission with the LEGO Groups values and priorities getting the right products to market.
In addition, you collaborate with the partners to make the best products possible and ensure a sustainable business. We expect you to leverage your experience to steer great prototypes to market, maintaining the P&L – and further know, when to park projects in a professional manner. We strongly believe our role is to inspire children to learn and develop, through play – while always living up to our company values in Digital transitions. As the LEGO product lead, you have a unique opportunity to grow professionally and build valuable networks along the way. Be part of the broader LEGO Group, having direct exposure to how our products are made, and working directly with the teams of researchers, designers, project managers and marketing professionals that bring them to life.
Gaming industry background and strong communication skills
Ideally, you have a degree in production management, creative management or account management, but what really counts is 5+ years in the gaming industry. A strong track record from the world of data driven, games as a service and monetized games will be a huge advantage. Having done game development or having strong insights into mobile development is also a plus. English proficiency and ability to lead a fast-paced meeting is an absolute must.Further, you are a natural-born communicator who knows how to address and build strong relations with colleagues and partners at all organisational levels, adhering to our spirit of ‘Only the Best is Good Enough’.
How to apply
If you would like to know more about this position, please contact Director of Digital Games Mobile Team Danny Bergmann at +45 2922 8905. Please send us your motivated application and your CV as soon as possible. To apply, use the 'APPLY/ANSØG'-button above or below. Please remember to attach your application and CV.We take candidates into the recruitment process continuously and close the position down once we have found the right candidate.]