[A postdoc position in the petrology of carbonate rocks is available at GEUS in the Department of Petrology and Economic Geology.      The position is for three years and to be filled as soon as possible.   The position  The research to be undertaken concerns the petrological and mineralogical characterization of carbonate rocks of the Lower Cretaceous in the Danish sector of the North Sea that forms part of the Valdemar oil field. The aim of the project is to evaluate how the textural and compositional variation together with the diagenetic evolution relate to reservoir properties.   The Valdemar Field is in general characterized by fine-grained sediments and a low permeability. The objective of the project is to investigate the stratigraphic and lateral variation in the rock composition, texture and diagenetic history of the carbonate reservoir. The project will combine SEM investigations using the automated mineralogy functionality Mineralogic on GEUS’ new Zeiss instrument with other micro-analytical methods such as Micro- and Nano-CT and FIB SEM investigations employing the instruments at the Danish Hydrocarbon Research and Technology Center (DHRTC) at the Technical University of Denmark, DTU and at Department of Chemistry, University of Copenhagen.   The position is co-financed by DHRTC and GEUS.   Your qualifications  The appointment will be made on the basis of academic qualifications. Particular emphasis is placed on the following qualifications:    PhD in geology or     mineralogy/petrology is required.  Solid and first-hand     experience with micro-analytical instrumentation is required, preferably     SEM, EMP, and/or CT scanners.  Capability to organize and     report the analytical data and results in an orderly and timely fashion is     required.  Capability to address     scientific questions with a novel approach, and publish in peer reviewed scientific     journals is required.  Ability to communicate     results orally to a non-geological audience is required.   Knowledge of and experience     with automated SEM mineral analysis software like Mineral Liberation     Analysis/Qemscan/Mineralogic is considered an asset.  An understanding of     diagenetic processes in sedimentary rocks is considered an asset.  Ability to work     independently, as well as part of a team.    Department of Petrology and Economic Geology  The activities of the Department of Petrology and Economic Geology include research on the igneous, metamorphic and structural evolution of crystalline complexes, geological mapping, and ore forming processes and mineral deposits in a variety of geological environments. The department hosts a quadrupole and a magnetic sector mass spectrometer with two laser ablation instruments, an optical microscopy lab and a newly installed field-emission scanning electron microscope - Zeiss Sigma 300VP equipped with BSD, SE, CL, EDS and EBSD-detectors as well as the Mineralogic software for automated mineralogy analyses, which will be central to the work in the present project.   A core activity for the department is to assist the Greenlandic government in developing a sustainable mineral industry by collecting and providing basic geological data for Greenland. This is done by continuously collecting and compiling geological, geophysical, geochemical, remote sensing and other types of geodata. Acquisition, processing and interpretation of large, computationally intensive data sets are key components of GEUS’ work.   We offer   A creative and interdisciplinary research     environment   A lively and informal working environment with     talented and dedicated colleagues  Versatile work duties and good opportunities to     influence them  Development opportunities with access to courses     and other further education  Family friendly workplace with flexible working     hours  An active social environment, with a staff     association and art society  Fitness centre with physiotherapy at the     workplace     Salary and conditions of employment  In accordance with the collective agreements between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the relevant eligible trade union.    The appointment area is the Danish Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate and its institutions.    The Danish Ministry of Energy, Utilities and Climate considers diversity to be an asset and invites anybody interested, regardless of gender, age, religion or ethnicity to apply for the position.   Further information  Please contact the Head of Department Stefan Bernstein on tel. +45 -91 33 37 11, e-mail: sb@geus.dk, or senior scientist Nynke Keulen on tel. +45-91 33 38 73, email: ntk@geus.dk.   International applicants can read more about living and working in Denmark on GEUS’ extranet:  http://international-staff.geus.dk/   Application  The application must include a letter of motivation, a CV, a list of publications with a separate indication of journal papers that are registered in ISI Web of Science, copies of any individual publications of particular relevance to the position and, if relevant, contact details of referees (max. 2). PhD diploma, as well a summary of the PhD or other material that can document qualifications at Postdoc level must be enclosed.   Submitted PhD theses that have not yet been defended may be sent with the application and will be included in the assessment. The PhD thesis must be approved by the University prior to appointment.   Please, send your application via GEUS’ website www.geus.dk under Jobs and Education (Job og Uddannelse). Your application must be with GEUS no later than Tuesday, 3 April 2018 at 12.00 midday (Danish time).    Applications received after the deadline will not be considered.   The appointment procedure  An expert academic assessment committee consisting of two internal senior researchers will make an individual evaluation of applicants’ academic qualifications, where candidates are deemed qualified or non-qualified in relation to the position advertised. Then an appointments committee decide which of the qualified candidates they want to call for a job interview. The procedure is in accordance with “Circular on the appointment and assessment of academic staff at the Geological Survey of Denmark and Greenland”, Sections 4 and 7.  ]