[Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences   Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences   University of Copenhagen      A two-year Postdoc position is available in the bioinformatics group (http://ivh.ku.dk/bioinformatics), Center for non-coding RNA in Technology and Health (RTH), (http://rth.dk) at Department of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Faculty of Health and Medical Sciences at University of Copenhagen. The Postdoc position in RNA Bioinformatics and Systems Biology is available from 15 April 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter.      Information about the department can be found at http://ivh.ku.dk/english/.      You will be a team player working with great excitement and a key person in the project essential for obtaining successful results. The Postdoc position is part of the NextProd project, which aims to discover non-coding and structured RNA (ncRNA) that can affect the yield of cell factories. The Postdoc will be interacting closely with the involved people in the Vinter lab and Novozymes A/S; see http://nextprod.dk for details. The NextProd project is supported by Innovation Fund Denmark.      Background Cell factories are based on organisms, which have been carefully optimised to produce protein-based products such as enzymes and pharmaceutical proteins with the highest possible yield. However, current technology is saturated with respect to yield improvement although the theoretical maximum has not yet been reached. Within the NextProd project, the goal is to improve the yield by manipulating ncRNAs. See more at http://nextprod.dk.    Job description Transcriptomic data sets from relevant strains of the model cell-factory Bacillus subtilis will be used as outset for identification of ncRNAs and their pathways through integrative analysis. This will also include in silico analysis of expression data, RNA structure and RNA-RNA interactions. An integrated workflow will be established including both known tools and tools developed on demand when relevant. The workflow will be employed directly within the context of the data generated in the project and is expected to give rise to further experimental analysis.    Required qualifications and selection criteria The applicant should hold the professional as well as personal skills and qualifications as stated below:    A completed PhD degree in bioinformatics, systems biology, computer science or in a similar area       General background knowledge of biological areas of genome structure and transcriptomes       Solid experience with transcriptome analysis       Experience with gene network and pathway analysis       Algorithmic insight broad and for RNA 2D structure and RNA-RNA interactions       Strong experience with script languages such as Perl or Python (or similar)       Strong experience with the Linux/Unix environment, command lines and shell scripting       Familiarity or experience in at least one of the following programming languages: C, C++ or Java       Good interpersonal skills       Excellent in English both in writing and speech   Candidates fulfilling one or more of the following qualifications will be prioritised:    Experience with transcriptomic data in bacteria       Strong experience in at least one of the following programming languages: C, C++ or Java   It is recommended that the applicant address the qualification requirements one by one in the cover letter.      Terms of employment Salary and other terms and conditions of appointment are set in accordance with the Agreement between the Ministry of Finance and AC (Danish Confederation of Professional Associations) or other relevant professional organisations. The position is covered by the “Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff at the Universities” of June 28, 2013.      The gross basic salary range for Postdoctoral Fellows is DKK 33,224 to DKK 34,980 per month (level 6 to 8). To the basic salary, a supplement could be negotiated, dependent on the candidate’s experience and qualifications. An additional 17.1 % monthly contribution to pension will be paid by the employer. Non-Danish and Danish applicants may be eligible for tax reductions, if they hold a PhD degree and have not lived in Denmark for the last 10 years.     The position is limited to a two-year period.     Place of employment RTH is located on the Frederiksberg Campus; however, as part of the NextProd project research visits with project partners or collaborators will be a part of the Postdoc employment. Our research environment is highly international and stimulating. We frequently organise seminars, workshops, PhD summer schools with international speakers and have retreats with our international collaborators.    Questions For further information about the scientific content of the position please contact Professor Jan Gorodkin, email gorodkin@sund.ku.dk, phone +45 2337 5667 or for application procedure and formalities please contact HR Officer Marie-Louise Rosenlund, email mlr@sund.ku.dk, phone: +45 353 32898.    Application procedure Apply by clicking "Apply online" below. Please note that only online applications will be accepted.    Applications - in English - must include:    Cover letter detailing your motivation and background for applying for the specific Postdoc project       CV       Diploma and detailed transcripts of records       Other information for consideration, e.g. list of publications, peer reviewed and other       Personal Recommendations (if any)       A maximum of 3 relevant scientific works which the applicant wishes to be included in the assessment   The deadline for applications is 24 March 2018. Any applications received after this time or incomplete will not be considered.      Receipts of the applications will be acknowledged, and the applicant will be kept continuously informed of the progress of the application.      The further process Shortlist: After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorised recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Appointments Committee. All applicants are then immediately notified whether their application has been passed for assessment by an expert assessment committee. Selected applicants are notified of the composition of the committee and each applicant has the opportunity to comment on the part of the assessment that relates to the applicant him/herself. You can read about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk.     Assessment: The selected applications will be assessed according to the Ministerial Order no. 242 of 13 March 2012 on the Appointment of Academic Staff at Universities and the University of Copenhagen’s guidelines 2013. The Assessment Committee makes a non-prioritised assessment of the academic qualifications and experience with respect to the mentioned area of research, techniques, skills and other requirements listed in the advertisement.    Please note that the applicant will be contacted if the assessment committee requires further documentation.    The University of Copenhagen wishes to reflect the diversity of society and welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background.]