[Do you have a knack for story telling? Are you an experienced, independent writer with a keen eye for optimization? Do you excel at copy development, editing and project execution? Then we have just the position for you as a part of our dedicated team.   The Content Writer works collaboratively with other team members to develop content on innovative technology solutions. The role is new, presenting an opportunity to leave your personal mark.  The Content Writer works under the direction of the VP Marketing Communications located in Atlanta, US, and in conjunction with the Solution Strategists, Field Marketing, Product Directors to develop content. You will be communicating broadly with an array of staff members within the company.   The primary responsibilities of the Content Writer are to create and develop:  

Original content aligned to different stages of the customers' voyages 
Targeted email and social media content to engage the target audience in relation to campaigns 
Solution-focused presentations for webinars and seminars  
SEO-ready solution messaging while editing and updating existing content on our website  
Content for targeted advertising and collateral to further our brand activation  
Story-telling content, including case studies, white papers, and e-books in collaboration with customers and sales team members 
Markets and industries research to compare and create innovative and original content  
Blogging and writing original news article content based on industry facts and trends 
Company biographies maintenance and development to outline company personnel and customer testimonials based on current developments and projects 
Complex business strategy reviews and content targeted to existing or prospective customers, providing meaningful, value-based, and easily consumable content to market based solutions  
Collaboration and brainstorming with Sales and Marketing team members to develop and clarify new ideas and strategies For this position, a maximum of 20 days of travel is required.  Requirements for the job We are looking for a candidate with solid experience in Content Development, Communications, and Marketing. Industry experience with Master Data Management is required, and domain expertise in Product Master Data Management or Product Lifecycle Management are preferred.   Also required:  

Excellent communicative skills, both in written and oral form 
Experienced in writing and copy-editing  
Ability to write content optimized for SEO/SEM 
Working knowledge of Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube and Wordpress 
Strong understanding of content work flows and positioning/key messaging development 
Experience building, launching, and managing online content Naturally, you possess impeccable spelling and grammar skills and advanced English and Danish language skills. You probably hold a Bachelor's Degree BS in Communications, Journalism, Marketing, Public Relations or equivalent, and have experience with online marketing and generating leads.   You have a deep understanding of b2b and b2c audiences and what motivates them along with great researching and learning skills.  Comprehension of software such as Microsoft Word and Google Docs is part of your skill set and you are familiar with keyword placement and other SEO best practices.   As a person, you are self-motivating and succeed in motivating others. You thrive in a role with responsibility and management, and you effectively organise and plan your assignments independently.   Stibo Systems offers A new and challenging position where you as an individual will play a key role.   You are offered an academically inspiring and motivating work environment with excellent opportunities for personal development, initiative and operationalization of your ideas. This position is based in Aarhus Højbjerg .   About Stibo Systems  Stibo Systems is the global leader in Master Data Management solutions. Over the past 30 years, we have helped growth-directed executive teams in the manufacturing, distribution, retail, travel and hospitality, automotive and grocery industries manage their technical and operational information on a global scale. Our client base of market-leading companies include GE, KraftHeinz, Würth, Siemens, Walmart, Target, and Fujitsu.   By linking product, supplier, and other informational assets through an integrated process, our STEP platform streamlines the process of gathering, managing and sharing operational intelligence across the enterprise. This creates a single trusted source of strategic information and turns departmental knowledge into an enterprise-wide asset, resulting in increased profitability, reduced risk and enhanced agility.   Our stability and rich history date back to 1794  We may be a rapidly growing company, but we are also a stable organization with a rich history. Our parent company, Stibo A/S, was founded in 1794 to serve the Royal House of Denmark and is still privately owned. Yes, you could say that we are the world’s oldest software company!   We also believe in giving back. Stibo A/S is a foundation whose charter is to ensure the long-term development and survival of the company and contribute to the community. Since 1965, all company profits have been reinvested in the business and in charitable organizations throughout the world.  Apply as soon as possible  Stibo Systems is collaborating with recruiting company WolterJohannsen for this position. If you wish to apply, please upload your CV along with a short application in English. External consultant, Nicholai Johannsen, will be happy to answer any questions you may have regarding the position on phone number +45 30 36 49 51 or e-mail nj@wolterjohannsen.dk.   Denne jobannonce blev oprindeligt opslået på https://www.ofir.dk/ (Den originale annonce kan ses på: https://www.ofir.dk/showojob.aspx?ofirid=69a20179)]