[Are you interested in working with Biopharm’s broad portfolio of products for treatment of haemophilia and growth hormone deficiency? We are looking for a skilled and motivated academic, experienced within GMP and the pharmaceutical industry.About the departmentIn Biopharm Manufacturing Development (BioMDev) our department Product Support is responsible for the Biopharm liquid and lyophilised products and the process in relation to the products. We are approximately 50 engaged and open-minded colleagues organised in 3 teams.You will be part of the stability team, which consists of 4 chemists and 12 technicians.The positionAs an academic working in the stability team, you will be responsible for the stability of development and marketed products. The tasks consist of writing and review of stability protocols and reports, and evaluation of trend data. Furthermore, you will be responsible for handling deviations and change requests in accordance with our quality system. You will participate in optimisation of internal work flows in the department. You will also participate in improvement projects in the team.All of this is conducted in cooperation with colleagues in BioMDev, Quality Control (QC), Quality Assurance (QA), production, development (Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control (CMC)) and Regulatory Affairs.In this job you can look forward to gain personal as well as professional development.The position is a temporary position for 2 years.QualificationsYou are a pharmacist, engineer or have similar background and you have experience in the pharmaceutical industry where you are used to work according to cGMP.You furthermore have knowledge of stability studies and/or pharmacopeia requirements.It is an advantage, if you have experience with cLEAN® and that you have the interest in working with continuous improvements of our work flows and quality system.As person you are responsible, dedicated and have a solid quality mind-set. You are open and committed and are able to motivate your colleagues. You work in a structured way and like to coordinate activities in the organisation. You have a positive approach to your job and thrive in an environment filled with changes and unexpected situations. You must have good communication skills in written and spoken Danish and English.Working at Novo Nordisk At Novo Nordisk, your skills, dedication, and ambitions help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we offer unique possibilities for professional and scientific development in an informal working environment, and the chance to integrate into a dynamic team of highly qualified and enthusiastic colleagues.ContactIf you want to know more about the position, please contact Louise Frese Andersen at +45 3079 7557.Deadline8 April 2018.Please feel free to submit your application and CV in either Danish or English. We will interview candidates continually as we receive the applications.]