[Novo Nordisk is one of the most successful pharmaceutical companies in the world. At Novo Nordisk, we share a passion for changing patient's lives, and we are always looking for talented individuals who want to join us in this effort.About the departmentWe are more than 100 employees in Corporate Procurement in Denmark and along with the global organisation, we manage Novo Nordisk’s total external indirect spend of more than 30 bDKK. We are a diverse and young team working with key stakeholders and colleagues across Novo Nordisk as well as with our suppliers.The positionWe are looking for ambitious colleagues to contribute to building strategies and executing improvement projects to optimise spend across Product Supply.As a Project Associate, you will be supporting and driving selected spend optimisation projects, where you will need to utilise your strong analytical and strategic skills to ensure successful execution of projects. You will be asked to develop excellent business cases to identify new sourcing opportunities in Product Supply that drive the right strategic agenda in the respective areas. You will work closely with your colleagues in procurement and key stakeholders in the line of business on project execution of agreed business opportunities across the organisation.The position is a great opportunity to get an understanding of the Novo Nordisk value chain. You will be tasked with delivering tangible results and value to the business. You will work in a high paced environment and be part of a young and dynamic team. The key is for you to become a trusted business partner to the organisation.All tasks will provide experience in project management, quantitative data analytics, stakeholder management as well as collaboration with suppliers and other functions in Novo Nordisk. You are expected to have a high drive and take lead of your projects with support and sparring from senior colleagues including project managers and leaders.Due to customer needs, you will be required to have comprehensive understanding of Danish, both written and spoken.QualificationsWe only hire the best. You have either completed or are about to complete a Master’s degree in Economics, Business Administration, Engineering, Finance, Supply Chain Management or similar with strong results and have 1-2 years of relevant experience. It is important that you have high professional expectations for you and your colleagues, and that you aspire to work in a large international organisation. In addition, you should have solid analytical skills and ability to structure and communicate your findings in an effective way. You are required to be self-driven and independent in running projects and have a high degree of curiosity towards understanding the business.You take leadership naturally, can communicate clearly and concisely, and are comfortable giving presentations.Interviews will take place on an ongoing basis. Please note that CV and full educational grade transcript is required when applying.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we have been changing diabetes since 1923. If you are ready to strengthen our position as an innovative pioneer and respected industry leader, we encourage you to join us to make the most of your talent.ContactFor further information, please contact Adela Skejovic at +45 3075 9340 or Mathias Højberg Kjær at +45 3079 6176.Deadline2 April 2018.]