[We are looking for a strong Senior Business Project Manager in Global Development.About the departmentGlobal Development is the Novo Nordisk area responsible for the global clinical research and project management of our products in development and approximately 1400 people work in the area. We work in a complex environment and many projects in our development portfolio. Transparency and in-depth analysis on global trial performance, capacity and cost management as well as the ability to provide information needed to develop products for the patients and the future is critical to us.This job is an excellent opportunity to further develop your career in a market leading global pharmaceutical company. You will be part of Business Analysis, Strategic Development which is the staff area within Global Development. We are a global department of 19 dedicated professionals. Half of the department is based in Denmark and the other half is based in India working at a great variety of expertise areas, supporting and collaborating across Global Development. In addition to this, we have a close collaboration and interaction with the global clinical organisation, as well as the other areas within Research & Development.The positionAs Senior Business Project Manager, you will be responsible for setting the direction for our business intelligence solution. The vision for this is to create a single version of global data used for operational tracking, business analysis as well as management reporting across the global clinical development organisation.You will be responsible for setting the direction for the further development of our business intelligence solution ensuring business needs are meet and that ideas are turned into solid global solutions. In addition you will handle the internal and external IT vendors responsible for maintaining and developing our system as well as being project manager on projects.In short you will be responsible for supporting the global clinical development organisation by creating transparency for informed decision making.QualificationsYou hold a Master's degree in business, science or equivalent. You have 8+ years of experience within Project Management and/or business analysis showing strong IT, process and communication skills.As a person you are structured, ambitious, visionary, a good communicator and function well in a dynamic environment. You are fluent in written and spoken English and ready to invest time and effort in personal and professional development.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we create value by putting patients first. Every ten seconds two people are diagnosed with diabetes, and more than 371 million people worldwide need us. Working here is not just a way to make a living, but a way to make a difference.ContactFor further information please call Simon Munch Hermansen on +45 3075 3792.Deadline25 March 2018.]