[Do you have experience as an IT Architect within the area of Inbound Logistics (raw material) processes - covering:Strategical and Operational Transportation Route PlanningOperational Transportation Execution and Data collection  Balancing and allocation of supply and demand?Do you have a broad knowledge of IT applications and infrastructure supporting these logistics processes? Do you have experience with agile ways of working and do you want to make a difference? If you can answer yes to these questions, then we invite you to join the agile transformation journey at Arla Foods within the Inbound Logistics area.You will join our IT Solutions team with 100+ colleagues located in Denmark, Germany, Poland, Sweden and UK. A value driven architect, who is passionate about ensuring high quality, standardized and global system platforms and compliance across our systems, within the Inbound Logistics area.You will join the Inbound Logistics Release Train (Program) and become a key playe, setting the guidelines and system roadmap for the Arla Foods Inbound Logistics area, in close cooperation with the Business Product Manager. You will be part of the Inbound Release Train Management team, and you will ensure that the teams in the Train can understand your technical guidelines and enablers to bring the business high-quality system platforms to release business value and mitigate risk.Simultaneously, you become part of an ambitious and knowledgeable architect community, challenging your decisions and providing guidance on running the program in the SAFE setup. Take charge of maturing the roadmaps  Overall, you get to drive the roadmaps to let the vision coming alive. You are able to spot relevant IT trends and have a good understanding of the Inbound Logistics processes, to understand when and how to implement these new advantages to the organization.  You will be responsible for the Target Architecture and technical roadmap and at the same time focus on the continuous maintenance of system platforms. Other responsibilities will include: Creating technical design documents and overviews of data stores and flows in relation to Inbound Logistics processes Secure maintenance of platforms Transform business needs to IT solutions and ensure business value, ensuring high quality handover to operations.Close collaboration with suppliers to ensure quality deliveries Ensure scalability of platforms  Update the risk profile for system platforms Prepare Programme Increment planning together with the Release Train Management team Participate in demos of the deliverables of features to the business Implement SAFE principles and best practices for the Agile Release TrainPlease expect to travel approx. 20-40 days per year to meet colleagues and partners around the world. Great Facilitator with a high focus on generating Business value You are focused and persistent in achieving goals, using your ability to establish strong collaboration between the teams, product owners, release management team and business. You have talent for creating and communicating clear direction and you are a team player, who takes pride in solving complex dilemmas – as well as facilitating the required discussion to ensure high focus on creating value.You thrive engaging with people of different cultures and from various backgrounds, and you are able to link IT and business need to realize business benefits. Furthermore: You have a master’s degree within IT or other relevant areas with a minimum 5 years of experience working as solution/system architect. Experience of inbound logistics processes, similar to the raw milk collection and allocation processes, will be an advantage.You have experience of working with Transportation Planning and Execution application/tools, and knowledge about Optimizing functionalities.A good understanding of the infrastructure and network setup behind the applications is needed.  You have a strong business process understanding, allowing you to engage in dialogue with your business owners Knowledge and experience in working according to agile principles will be an advantage You speak and write English effortlessly Application and contact We will review applications and hold interviews on an ongoing basis, so please apply via link on website as soon as possible.]