[Here is a great opportunity to join Ramboll and take on a position where you can work with offshore geotechnics and be part of a team of skilled specialists. We are currently busy within the field of offshore geotechnics with projects in the UK, China (PRC), Germany and Belgium, and we are looking for a new colleague for our geotechnical team based in Copenhagen.
The successful candidate will have experience with offshore and marine geotechnics, be self-confident, diligent, proactive, willing to work flexible hours when required and able to build strong working relationships with colleagues, clients, and project teams - always looking to help clients to find better ways to deliver projects and solutions.
Your responsibilities
Depending on your preferences, seniority and experience you will work with a wide range of offshore geotechnical tasks including but not limited to:

Preparation of offshore geotechnical investigations specifications including scope of work, tender and contracts for geotechnical surveys
Support the coordination of the survey investigations including offshore supervision
Support ongoing laboratory campaigns including preparation of laboratory testing specifications
Evaluation of geotechnical data and preparation of ground interpretation reports including follow up during certification
Preparation of 3D ground models in close collaboration with our geophysics team
Preparation of geological and geotechnical design profiles (gINT experience is a plus)
Provide construction support, i.e. pile drive ability analyses in GRLWEAP and leg penetration studies
Engage in sales and tendering activities
Liaising with clients and maintaining our client focus and long-lasting relationships
Providing support and mentorship to other members of our team
You and your competences
You are holding an engineering degree, possibly a Ph.D. and have a minimum of 3-10 years’ experience with marine geotechnics and offshore wind. 
Professionally, you have:

Proven experience with offshore geotechnical investigations and geotechnical engineering
The will to build and further develop customer relations and you have a very good understanding of the customer's needs
Ambitions to bring added value to our services, our projects, and our customers
Personal competences:

Structured and looking for solutions beyond limits
Good communicator and team player
High independence in relation to own tasks
Good business understanding
A professional and strong commitment
Fluent in English verbally as well as written
Join the geotechnical department in Copenhagen
We are 20 employees in the geotechnical department and are part of a larger geotechnical environment which counts more than 100 geophysics, geotechnical engineers, geologists and hydrogeologists in Copenhagen and over 450 colleagues worldwide.
You will be part of a strong and highly competent team of experienced and young engineers who, in close dialogue with customers, stakeholders, other Ramboll departments, carry out challenging and interesting projects. As a geotechnical engineer in Ramboll we work very broadly with all kinds of geotechnical projects and participate in large construction projects such as bridges, tunnels, wind farms and ports all over the world, while in Denmark we carry out geotechnical investigations, design and supervision in relation to buildings, highways, bridges, railways and ports.
Working at Ramboll
To work at Ramboll means being part of a people organisation. We are focused on knowledge sharing and collaboration across competence areas and geography and we aim for a strong diversity among our employees. This enables us to solve a broad range of projects and we firmly believe that cross-collaboration leads to creative and longstanding solutions. Thus, the possibilities at Ramboll are many and diverse – we invest a lot in development of people and offer career paths tailored for everyone.
Interested?
If you want to know more about the position, please contact Head of Department, Rami Hammami at phone no. +45 5161 6724.
If you are interested in applying, please send your mail through our online recruitment system by clicking on the link ‘apply’ below. Please send your application no later than March 31st.
Ansøgningsfrist 2018-03-31 Arbejdssted Copenhagen]