[The department of DTU Management Engineering invites for applications for a research assistant position in Sensor-based Monitoring of Healthy Aging related to EU REACH project.The position will be attached to the Human Factors Group research group at the Technology and Innovation Management division (TIM), one of the six divisions comprising the department. The division employs approx. 55 persons including presently a permanent faculty of 25 persons.The position is based on a fixed-term contract of 9 months, starting from April 2018. There is a possibility of conducting a PhD research project after the completion of the research assistant position.This position is specifically attached to a current EU project (REACH: http://www.reach2020.eu) which aims at developing and evaluating technologies and techniques to monitor and promote physical activity of elderly citizens to support independent living, reduce the risk of functional decline and preventable hospitalization.Responsibilities and tasksThe research assistant is expected to support empirical evaluation studies of physical activity including means of promoting and assessing such activity including user acceptance and user perceptions of privacy issues of sensor-based monitoring. The tasks include the coordination of the logistics of an evaluation study of clinical outcomes and changes in daily physical activities over 24 weeks in a randomized controlled trial. During this study, the research assistant shall lead and supervise a number (12-15) of student assistants participating in the study as exercise trainers and, under expert supervision, test assistants for assessment of functional performance. Additional tasks will include support of data collection and analysis of empirical trials to develop programs (algorithms) to count steps of elderly users, including users having slow and irregular gait.To achieve this, the research assistant must: 

Coordinate training sessions of 4 teams of 4-5 elderly users with 2-3 student assistants over 12+12 weeks (pause during summer vacation)
Coordinate balance and functional assessment of 40 elderly users over 4 rounds of assessment during a 28-week period involving an expert assessor supported by fysio- and ergo-therapy student assistants
Coordinate collection of data from 3-axis sensors of predefined walking sessions of 40 elderly participants
Participate in the analysis of data from trials
Conduct and summarize, using qualitative and/or quantitative methods, semi-structured interviews with elderly users participating in trials
QualificationsCandidates must hold a Master degree (or equivalent) in a broad scope of engineering management, innovation, social science, management, design and other disciplines.
We expect the candidate to have a strong research interest in the design and evaluation of healthcare technologies including technologies and methods aimed at supporting healthy and active aging and including a strong research interest in both clinical outcomes and patient reported outcomes including perceptions of privacy issues.You must have shown an ability to engage with elderly healthcare provider (municipalities) and relevant professional communities whose competencies are needed to support health and independent aging.We also consider the following personal competencies: 

You have excellent communication skills, fluent written and oral English. Danish language skills are required at a level where the candidate should be able to communicate with and instruct elderly Danish users.
You have the ability to work results-driven and effectively towards external and self-imposed deadlines.
You have the ability to learn fast
You are driven by an interest in exploring recent literature about methods and results in the growing field of technologies to support independent living of elderly citizens
You thrive on collaboration and teamwork
Assessment In the assessment of the candidate consideration will be given to 

the experience in action-based research
the experience in bridging academic research to the industry
the ability to learn fast
the ability to promote and utilize research results
experience with innovation activities
an all-round experience basis, including international experience
We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union.The position is based on a fixed-term of 6 months, starting no later than January 2018. After the 6-month employment period, it is possible to develop the results of the project into a new PhD research project, depending on the availability of external funding.Further information For further information please contact Professor Henning Boje Andersen, Head of the EU REACH project at DTU Management Engineering, +45 4525 4544, hebq@dtu.dk. You can read more about DTU Management Engineering on http://www.dtu.man.dk and about the Human Factors division at http://www.tim.man.dtu.dk/research/human-factors.  ;Application procedure Please submit your online application no later than 29 March 2018. Applications must be submitted as one pdf file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online," fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one pdf file. The file must include: 

Application (cover letter)
CV
Diploma (MSc) and transcripts
List of publications or documentation of participation in research projects, if any
Documentation of other professional experience, if any
All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, disability, race, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply.DTU Management Engineering contributes actively to the development of management tools and optimization of processes by using and re-thinking theoretical engineering perspectives, models, and methods. Through our research and teaching, we ensure an innovative, competitive, and sustainable organization and use of technologies within areas such as energy and climate, transportation, production and health, both domestic and abroad. DTU Management Engineering has 350 employees, including around 70 PhD students. More than 20% of our employees are from abroad and a total of 38 different nationalities are represented at the Department.    DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]