[Outgoing and curious personality for Payment Infrastructure Services
The IT department “Payment Infrastructure Services” develops solutions both for banks and corporate market segment. We cooperate closely with the business to create innovative solutions for the end-user. We develop products and solutions within payment transfer and information areas and our solutions are parts of complex value chains. We have a high focus on agile development and solution design. This helps us to develop market leading systems with high operational stability.Our domicile is in Ballerup, Copenhagen. Some travelling must be expected however not expected to exceed 10 days annually.Passionate about building great products based on new technologies and frameworks?Nets core business is providing ecosystems to financial and critical transactions in the Nordic and Baltic countries.Payment Infrastructure Services are currently working on a MVP which will be built with Micrososervices, Openshift, open API (WS02 which will be used as an extern gateway for monitoring services, receive files and will be used to be coded up against). Some of Payment Infrastructures existing environment will still be used but only as a data provider to the services/data via APIs.Initial description of the search profileThe professional qualifications include that the candidate have some years’ experience within object orientated / SOLID software development.The candidate wants to do something new - also without a firmly defined gameplay every time. Not everything will be a requirement from start, so it also helps the candidate to be creative, diligent and thinking out of the box thus also able to influence the solutions.The candidate will play a key role in transforming and developing customers’ requirements and needs into great software solutions – It will be beneficial if the candidate have a desire being part of this journey.Preferred background and qualifications

Advanced skills in application integration, RESTful and open APIs and Spring framework is important
Experience with Linux/UNIX, shell scripts, Oracle databases, SQL
Experience or deep interest as well as understanding for Domain Driven Design, Microservices and CQRS
Experience with data intensive applications, high availability solutions and DevOps, and other agile delivery methods (Scrum, Kanban, LEAN etc.), for design, estimate and development
You have higher education in Information Technology, however experience and personality are our first priority
Great English communication skills, oral and written. Mastering one other Nordic language is considered as a plus
 
The developments cycles will be based on continuously test, deployment, delivery, release etc. principles - with the focal point of the DevOps delivery philosophy.
Preferred personal qualitiesThe skills that are essential in everyday life as a developer for Nets:

Team player, however thrives working independently
Take the lead, share knowledge, and improve yourself and the team  
Customer focus and time to market
Great understanding of development processes included end-to-end delivery value chain
Your mindset reflects that you focus on solutions, not problems. You know your stakeholders and you have an eye for costumer capabilities and quality.
 
Your career driven by curiosity and customer insightsAt Nets, we are working towards realising a one-company approach to development, innovation and doing business, where you’ll be encouraged to think across borders and business areas to find new ways of merging our products, new technologies and market trends into innovative new solutions.We want to attract, develop and engage the best talents and you will be working with colleagues across the Nordics. Whether it is innovation or operation that makes you tick, our company structure allows you to build your own career and grow in a business that encompasses all aspects of the digital payment value chain. We work in a thriving environment characterized by team play and informality and with plenty of social activities within sports, culture and social network.Please send your application right now and at the latest at Sunday 8 April 2018.If you are interested in hearing more about this opportunity please contact Experis, Torben Morgengaard, E-mail: torben.morgengaard@dk.experis.com, Mobile +45 27780421
This position will close when the right candidate is found. 
At Nets, we specialise in powering digital payments. We connect banks, businesses and consumers via an international network facilitating digital payments. Spanning across the Nordic region, we provide a broad range of card services, account payment services and merchant payment solutions. We offer great payments, great ideas, great network - delivered by great people.
About 2,500 dedicated colleagues work at Nets throughout the Nordic region. As the backbone of the Nordic payments ecosystem with solutions touching people's everyday lives, we have experts in every field from law to heavy back-end programming. Our size and diversity opens up great opportunities for our employees to move forward in their careers and their skills and professional interest develop.
We believe that personal freedom is the key to a dynamic and innovative working environment. We therefore inspire people to think and act independently and creatively. Along with the individual freedom comes a strong tradition of teamwork. Working closely together across professions and borders is an essential part of our culture and a natural part of our complex services.
Read more at http://www.nets.eu.]