[The RoleIn this role you will be joining our Data and Machine Learning team working closely with some of the brightest and most friendly experts in Denmark. IIH Nordic has a history of being first movers within digital developments, advisory and data driven businesses. We are currently building rentability modelling, delivering SaaS, to clients in Denmark and abroad. It is a challenging field and therefore we need you – a bright, competent and not least friendly thinker to join the team.Your background is not of key importance to us, but a high degree of knowledge in the field of Machine Learning, Data Engineering and Programming is of key importance. You will join a strong collaborative team working hands-on with existing and building new data platforms and algorithms. Working knowledge in .jr, R or Python, software development, cloud platforms (Google Cloud, Azure, AWS), SQL and architecture are requirements.As a core member of the Data and Analytics team you will be expected to work both autonomously and with the team to help build new solutions for challenges and questions that our clients need answered.  The team will challenge you in a positive way, collaborate to make sure we keep high quality standards and help you achieve all goals. The management board is ready to help you realize your personal goals through recurring one-to-one personal sessions.   ResponsibilitiesYou will be given a thorough onboarding and introduction to both the team, our partners and the tasks at hand. This role covers the following specializations:

Manage large-scale data projects: Data engineering & data validation
Support development of SaaS products and analysis platforms for internal use and for our partners
Mapping, evaluating, improving data architecture, flows and storage
Implement new data structures and data management with our clients

 RequirementsYou have a high degree of knowledge within Data Engineering and Programming, though we are very positive on candidates who have either/or as well as both/and. We are hiring at junior, expert and senior expert levels.You might have an academic background in data science, computing, programming, engineering or other IT related field, but we value your competencies and capabilities highest: Whether you studied medieval literature or robotics is not key: Your personality and knowledge are. If you are bright, detail-oriented and a keen independent learner, eager to grow and challenge yourself - this will help you in taking on this role.Strong English skills are required; Danish is a plus but not a requirement: We currently have six nationalities in the office, so if you are a foreigner with an interest in learning Danish, we would like to hear from you as well. Compensation and icing on the cake?

Attractive compensation package
Awesome working environment at a company with ambitious visions and positive atmosphere
Immediate responsibility and impact in our team and with our partners
World class work-life balance: we hold a revolutionary perspective on work and have implemented tools to improve our efficiency, allowing us to maintain a four day work week. This helps attract, retain and develop the best people in our fields
Chance to learn: we are developing own tools and staying at the front of the curve: our team covers google developers and machine-learning experts
Extras: Weekly gym trainer, lunch & learns, amazing coffee, office snacks and grand electric bikes to get around Copenhagen

About IIH NordicIIH Nordic is a digital consultancy dedicated to realize our partners’ full digital potential. We work with a range of specializations within digital strategy, paid marketing (SEM/PPC), traffic generation (SEO/content), conversion optimization, web analytics and most importantly for this position: Data engineering and machine learning. We work with large scale companies, foundations and NGOs as well as smaller niche players and take pride in solid implementation of solutions to complex issues.Our teams are driven by strong values: We believe that collaboration creates winners and successes are better when shared. When we base our environment and collaboration with our partners on trust, helpfulness and curiosity we achieve happiness. Those four elements are our core values.IIH Nordic has been awarded “Best Place to Work in IT 2017” by ‘Great Place to Work’. We have been nominated as Worlds’ Best Analytics House twice and we have been a consistent winner of “Best Analytics Company in Denmark” since 2012. Our headquarters, and your future role, is based at ‘Trikotagen’ on Artillerivej in Copenhagen.]