[We are looking for a full-time PhD student for a project in advancing clinical precision medicine at PERSIMUNE – the Danish Centre of Excellence for Personalized Medicine with offices at the Department of Infectious Diseases at Rigshospitalet. Advances in precision/personalized medicine are highly dependent on modeling and analysis of biological research and clinical data. Today our access to biomedical data and our potential to manage and analyze that data are unprecedented. Traditional clinical data has over the last decades been complemented by e.g. different types of imaging data, as well as genomic, proteomic, epi-genomic and metabolomics data, so called big Omics Data. The challenge today within reverse translational biomedical research is to, in an integrative way, make sense of the large amounts of collected heterogeneous and very high dimensional biomedical data; to robustly create new biomedical knowledge and then safely transform this knowledge into clinical practice for the benefit of patients. At the Danish Centre of Excellence for Personalized Medicine, PERSIMUNE, high throughput biomedical data is being generated in clinical practice. For further information please visit our websites: http://www.chip.dk and http://www.persimune.dk. The position is initially for a one year period where you and key PERSIMUNE researchers will prepare a research protocol forming the basis for the submission of a PhD application to the University of Copenhagen. The application should be submitted within 6 months of the hiring date. Depending on the outcome, the position will be extended for the duration of the PhD study. The advisors for this position will be Bioinformaticians and medical doctors with experience in the scientific area affiliated with CHIP and PERSIMUNE. The supervisors will oversee the development of the PhD application and act as advisors during the course of the PhD study. In addition to the scientific work you will be expected to be centrally involved in performing bioinformatical analyses and teaching non-bioinformaticians as part of the PERSIMUNE bioinformatics team. Qualifications You have a master degree in bioinformatics or computational biology and possess basic understanding of immunology and analysis of clinical and omics data from previous research experience. Creating analysis pipelines and performing analysis in a HPC setting is an advantage. You have excellent IT and communication skills and are able to use English as a working language. We are looking for a committed, hardworking, persistent and flexible candidate that is able to work independently under the supervision of experienced supervisors, and understands the importance of collaboration. Conditions Salary and employment conditions are in accordance with current public agreements between the Capital Region of Copenhagen and AC. Your work place will be CHIP offices at Rigshospitalet. Funding for the position is to be ensured by research grants. For further information, please contact Pernille Iversen, phone: 35 45 58 48 or mail: pernille.iversen.02@regionh.dk. Interested applicants should apply before March 29th 2018. Application should include a CV, a cover letter expressing your interest and motivation, and any relevant publications. ]