[Location: VejleOrganization: Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy in DenmarkMode of employment: Full time For our Finance/Tax department in Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy, we are looking for an ambitious and “out-of-the-box-thinking” Controller who will bring in new knowledge in order for us to optimize and improve our processes. In this position you will be part of a professional and dynamic team that supports the business on various projects. What are my responsibilities?·         Conducting Danish VAT Tax return·         Ensuring Tax compliance including withholding tax·         Calculating Tax in monthly and quarterly closings·         Ensuring VAT compliance including foreign VAT return·         Conducting VAT controlling By joining our team, you will have the opportunity to gain great insight into the value chain and the organization of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy.You should apply for this position if you are passionate about hands-on Tax and VAT compliance, and would like to further explore and develop your competences within this area. What do I need to qualify for this job?·         You hold a University degree in the area of Business Administration, Finance & Accounting or similar·         You have experience within the Tax and VAT area·         As a person, you are result-oriented, structured and a dedicated team player with strong analytical skills·         You are willing to take ownership and are driven by a professional curiosity·         Experience in the use of Excel and SAP is considered an advantage for this position·         Fluency in English, both orally and in writing is a requirement In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated.  About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergyWith a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at http://www.siemens.com/windpower. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.siemens.dk/career. Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information about the specific position, please contact the hiring manager, Jette Halberg via phone: +45 3037 5389. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible If you want to know more about what it is like to work and live in Denmark, please read more at http://www.siemens.dk/moving-to-denmark.]