[Job descriptionTrackMan is growing fast and we are looking for dedicated Software Testers who are ready to develop our testing platform even further. Join our creative software test team, where you will be a key player in the constant strive to heighten the quality of our software. As our new Software Tester your key task is to develop automated test platforms for both iOS, Android and Windows. We strive to develop and run automated testing, yet some manual testing is also part of the job. In addition to our daily testing, you will also provide test services to other departments by developing testing tools, test methodologies and counselling. Experience with OOD, Agile Development, Scrum, Unit Testing, Design Patterns and Continuous Integration is a plus.RequirementsAre you our new colleague?You are experienced in classic software test using testcases and bug tracking software. In addition you also have a deep knowledge of how automated testing is developed using tools like Test Complete, Appium, Selenium or Xamarin test cloud. You have experience with manual and automated software test, and knowledge about testing backend services. You have worked with either C#, Java or Python, and most likely also used to working with SCRUM and Kanban. You have a high attention to details and you take great pride in the quality of your work. You proactively seek to improve our processes and tools, and you enjoy a collaborative work environment where we build on each others competencies across software development teams, UI/UX and projects.  So what does TrackMan do?TrackMan develop, manufacture and sell 3D sports ball measurement systems and our technologies have disrupted the way athletes practice to maximize their performance. With our technologies, both coaches and players can analyze performance with unprecedented precision and insight. We operate in sports verticals spanning from golf, football, tennis, and soccer, to more distinctive disciplines like the Olympic Game’s hammer throw and shot put. Common for them all is their demand for instant, accurate and reliable data on performance. Today, TrackMan is considered to be the world leader in sport ball measurement and the company has already set the industry standards for accuracy in both golf and baseball. Join a great company!TrackMan’s blend of sports, cutting-edge technology and strong growth make it a unique work place. Our pioneering and entrepreneurial spirit questions the status quo, and we strive to remain customer-centric while pursuing our ambitious goals. The work culture is informal, yet rewarding as you will collaborate with some of the best brains in Denmark in the areas of algorithms, radar technology, computer vision, software development, coding, embedded software and hardware development. TrackMan's state-of-the-art technologies are conceptualized, engineered and developed by combining engineering know-how with an embracing and an ever-diversified pool of cultures and talents.  TrackMan A/S is a privately held Danish company established in 2003. We are some 200 people worldwide, of which 100 work at our headquarters in Vedbæk where this position is also based. Apply now!If you would like to work in an environment with great technologies, great sports, and great colleagues, please send your application (cover letter and CV) as soon as possible.  Interviews are taking place on an ongoing basis. For further information, please contact Jesper Andersen at +45 4557 0850 #182 . We look forward to hearing from you.]