[Hello! We’re SYBO and we are here to build awesome things.
We live to make stuff that you want to play by crafting coolness out of chaos. We're the sum of all our parts and our staff are the beating heart of everything we make and do.
At the moment we are looking to strengthen our engineering forces with a skilled Game Data Analyst with a passion for mobile games and big data sets.
We appreciate specialists and with your particular skill set, you will be a large part of forming the position and be a part of our continuous journey.
Sounds interesting?? Take a look at the description - and let us know if you are the one we are looking for.
REQUIREMENTS
As a Game Data Analyst you will proactively employ product knowledge, quantitative analysis and a scientific thought process to optimize every facet of player retention and monetisation. Your work will also produce the insights to allow the marketing and in-app advertising departments to maximise yields on both ad sales and spend.
The core functions of the position are to:

Work closely with engineers to spec and collect game event logs
Manipulate data sets to form meaningful takeaways
Conduct thorough and data informed analysis, leading to actionable insights
Create logical and intuitively flowing reports
Dissect and understand core game loops, monetization features and game mechanics
Relate core game loops, features and mechanics to KPIs within an ARM framework (acquisition, retention, monetization)
Construct and monitor both real-time and historical KPIs
Work with game designers to optimize existing game features as well as create new features
Produce advertising productivity reports to support the
Provide support where needed to the in-app advertising department
Work in close data analyst department and help analyse results of A/B test
Design databases
Skill Set Requirements:

Ability to cull actionable and meaningful insights from data analysis
Demonstrated understanding of cohort analysis and control variables
Exceptional ability to ideate and prioritize potential analysis based on financial impact
Ability to employ the scientific method in a fast paced environment in an ad-hoc manner
Proactive, resourceful and a quick learner
Down-to-earth, team oriented personality
Working knowledge of Postgresql (or any SQL dialect)
Experience with a data visualization tool (such as Tableau, Qlik, Mode) a plus
Working knowledge of R and/or Python a plus
Experience with Mobile games is a plus
And advanced degree such as Master's, MBA or PhD a plus.
BENEFITS
What we can brag about (other than this is the coolest job(s) ever!!):

The best office location in Copenhagen
A chance to do the work of your life
An informal and creative culture where everybody is heard
We also have...

Health insurance for every employee
A pension plan
Healthy lunch buffet
Currently 17 nationalities
And a lot of fun - also when working]