[Do you consider yourself a person who are truly passionate about working within an ever-changing environment, which require a high degree of adaptability, to provide the best "green energy" solutions for the environment? Can you motivate, influence, and speak your mind to ensure results across the organisation? Is it natural for you to take leadership and drive different production processes?If you can recognise yourself in the above-mentioned parameters, please send your application as soon as possible since all incoming applications will be handled continuously. Manufacturing & Global Procurement - Power Conversion - Converter & NPI Factory HammelTechnical Support is one of the main drivers for creating the foundation for production both in relation to buildings, machinery and documentation. The department consists of 41 employees with different competences from technicians, production engineers to team leaders. The department has a broad interface to both internal and external stakeholders, and has a large variety of responsibilities, where the market condition in the industry and the factory performance demands a continuous focus of improving the organisation and performance.  ResponsibilitiesTechnical support is responsible for creating and developing the production setup so it is balanced and efficient with correct/sufficient production documentation. This responsibility is through the life cycle (new product introduction, serial production and aftersales). Value stream mapping and continuous improvement is a key task to secure the ongoing competitiveness, cost focus and secure best practice sharing.You will have 1 team lead, 19 white collars and 4 blue collars in direct reference. Technical support is responsible for production documentation and instructions. Technical support must make sure, that the documentation is on a high level in relation to safety, quality and clearly implemented in the production teams. Technical support is responsible for securing correct training material in relation to operator training. Technical support is the owner of engineering change management in the factory.Technical support is responsible for implementing and maintenance of machinery, equipment, tools and must secure first line support on this. Technical support is responsible for accountable plans and budgets both for maintenance and new investments to secure sufficient capacity for the future demand and is obliged always to have overview of potential bottlenecks. Technical support is responsible for all equipment and tools in the production lines and is point of contact to facility management and other external partners that supports equipment. Technical support is responsible for maintain equipment & building according to standards.Technical support is responsible for Business Continuity management  Qualifications

Leadership, Change Management.
Preferable a production engineer or similar with a solid experience (at least 10 years) within production in both new product introduction, serial production and aftersales. 
Experience with the LEAN toolbox (VSM and continuous improvement).
Experience with standards related to production documentation, production processes and machinery/equipment.
Experience with engineering change management.
Experience with investment and maintenance budgets.
CompetenciesLEAN experience, production engineering, production executions, continuous improvement, holistic overview, strong leadership skills- change management, KPI driven.What we offerWe offer an opportunity to be part of a strong team with highly skilled and motivated colleagues. You will be part of a project-oriented organisation in an inspiring work environment with opportunities to grow and develop in the job – professionally and personally. We offer the possibility to work with unique products in a unique company.Additional informationPrimary work location is in Hammel. Secondary work location will be in Randers. You should expect approximately 5% of travelling days a year. For further information, please contact VP Converter & NPI Factory Mikael Rye Kristensen at +45 4083 7639.About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
Job ManufacturingPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Hammel
Unposting Date Ongoing]