[The Center for Quantum Devices and Microsoft Quantum Copenhagen, a medium-size research lab at the Niels Bohr institute (University of Copenhagen), with sponsorship from Microsoft Research, is currently working towards the ambitious goal of realizing the world's first scalable general-purpose quantum computer. The research center consists of more than 80 scientists/students working at over 20 different cryogenic measurement stations. To handle the monitoring of all the measurement devices and the management of the large amounts of data and knowledge produced at QDev and Microsoft Quantum CPH, we are now looking for a dedicated DevOps engineer. ABOUT THE JOB The job will be split between operation/maintenance of the vital IT-infrastructure and development of new solutions for monitoring and data handling. You will be working directly with a team of 3 software engineers whose primary tasks is to develop a framework for experimental control and data acquisition (that project is called QCoDeS, see https://github.com/qcodes/qcodes. The job includes you contributing to the distributed features of the project. Operational tasks include: • Ensuring that all lab computers and all acquired data are safely backed up • Ensuring that all dilution refrigerators are constantly monitored and logged • Ensuring that the local network is secure against outside attacks • Helping scientists to observe best practices by teaching them about the systems you manage • Guiding computer and network equipment purchases • Supporting scientists with computer and network issues Development tasks include: • Working with the QCoDeS team to develop error tracking facilities for the experiments • Developing and maintaining a centralised data warehouse solution for QDev and the Microsoft StationQ consortium • Setting software and usage standards for lab members to ensure data security You will become the local expert on network security and services and will have great freedom to invent and develop the solutions most appropriate for our research center. This means that you will be expected to take a very active in role in defining the solutions and technologies used to solve the aforementioned tasks. COMPETENCES & SKILLS You should have a degree in computer science or a relevant scientific field, or have 3 or more years of relevant industry or academic experience. You should have a thorough understanding of at least two of the following: • Relational and non-relational databases • Network security • Linux system administration • Windows system administration • Infrastructure monitoring and metrics (Grafana, Prometheus or similar) • Python We will additionally give priority to candidates who have a background in experimental science. Our academic environment is very dynamic where priorities can shift quickly as new discoveries are made. In addition, it’s essential in an academic environment, that information and knowledge is shared with colleagues, including other developers, scientists and students. The right candidate should be able to thrive in such an environment. For more information about the position, please contact Jens Hedegaard Nielsen (j.h.nielsen@nbi.ku.dk) or William HP. Nielsen (william@nbi.ku.dk). TERMS OF APPOINTMENT AND PAYMENT The employment is a two-year position and scheduled to start May 7th 2018 or upon agreement with the chosen candidate. Salary, pension and terms of employment are in accordance with the provisions of the collective agreement between the Danish Government and AC (the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations). In addition to the salary a monthly contribution to a pension fund is added (17.1% of the salary). The base salary depends on seniority. A supplement can be negotiated, depending on experience and qualifications. About QDEV/Microsoft Quantum CPH: The Center for Quantum Devices and Microsoft Quantum Copenhagen is a research center supported by the Danish National Research Foundation and Microsoft Research, experimental and theoretical physics, nanoelectronics fabrication, and quantum device technologies. The full research program for the center of excellence can be found on the QDev homepage here: qdev.dk/. The Center is part of The Niels Bohr Institute at University of Copenhagen. HOW TO APPLY Your application will be submitted electronically by clicking “Apply now” below, or via this advertisement found on http://employment.ku.dk. Your application must include the following documents: 

Current CV 
Letter describing background experience, expertise, and interests. 
Contact information for two references (don’t send letters, just the names). The application deadline is April 17th, 2018. The University of Copenhagen wants to reflect the international society and encourages everyone regardless of background to apply. ]