[Job Description
Do you have a global mind-set, and are you ready to set direction within an international financial environment? Would it motivate you to split your day between doing traditional controller tasks and doing deep analysis of business profitability? And would it motivate you to be given rather free hands and developing your own job? Then this position might just fulfil your expectations. The position is placed close to Silkeborg, Denmark and you report to the Senior Finance Director in Danfoss’ Residential Heating Division. You will become part of the Residential Heating finance team with six competent colleagues with a high degree of cooperation and sparring. Using your business understanding to reduce complexityAs Business Controller you will support the business controlling of the radiator thermostat business unit as well as analyse the profitability of the Residential division across the value chain. Your key responsibilities will be: 

Driving the analysis of profitability across products, customers & markets. You will do this by having solid data insight – you want to be a sought-after resource to your colleagues, as well as being a proactive sparring partner to the management.

Support and streamline internal processes.
Support financial processes within the thermostat and radiator valve business: analysis of monthly results, forecasting and budgeting
Ensure transparency, predictability and stability in the financial results
 Excellent analytical skills combined with commercial focusAs a person, you have a positive attitude and like to be hands-on to use your strong analytical skills. You have analytic capabilities second to none which enables you to overview a global, complex organisation. You have a high degree of integrity and it is easy for you to translate financial information into an accessible language to colleagues. You have a university degree (Masters/Bachelor) with a focus on finance and accounting, and you could be newly educated with strong academic results or have a few years of experience from an international production company. Besides this, you have experience with the following: 

Process knowledge within finance and controlling
Facilitate and drive continuous improvement within the organisation
Strong analytical skills and good at challenging based on facts
Strong Excel skills
Experience utilising SAP (is a plus)
 Finally, you communicate confidently with all levels in the organisation, and you master effortlessly both written and spoken English. Knowledge of Danish will be an advantage. For further information about the position,please contact Søren Pedersen, Senior Finance Director, on +45 2462 7930.
 
Auto req ID
11992BR
 ]