[For our Global Offshore R&D Nacelle & Hub Department within the Technology Section, we are looking for a skilled Materials Engineer. The department has the responsibility to develop and design the Nacelle and Hub modules, from concept to tested and verified products, ready for handover to serial production. 
In this role, you will be part of a dynamic and international R&D environment where we work with the latest and most advanced technologies within wind power, contributing to future green energy solutions. You will also have a large interface to the operational side of the Technology business. 
What are my responsibilities?· Be a driving factor in the continuous development, manufacturing and fleet maintenance of our large cast iron components, with a special focus on supplier test requirement· Materials testing and failure analysis for R&D and operational purposes mainly on castings, forgings and structural steel· Developing and maintaining specifications for casted and forged components· Supplier approvals and interfacing with our internal supplier quality department and cast iron commodity· Support structural engineers and design engineers on materials specific topics 
What do I need to qualify for this job?· You have a M.Sc. or Ph.D. degree in Materials Engineering or equivalent, preferably with a theoretical and experimental cast iron focus. 5 years of relevant experience, especially if you apply as a M.Sc., is preferred· You have a keen sense of quality and are able to balance this with cost and supplier inputs · You have a thorough and structured approach to your work and are able to find innovative solutions to problems· You are an independent and proactive self-starter and persistent in reaching your goals· You strive in a cross-functional, international setting and understand team dynamics· You possess excellent English skills both orally and in writing 
In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. 
About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. 
Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7,500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27,000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. ;
We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. 
By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. 
Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. 
For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. 
Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]