[The Department of Bioscience, Aarhus University, invites applications for a position as full professor within the fields of marine ecology and biogeochemistry with special focus on coastal water.  Requirements  We expect the candidate to have a strong scientific background in biogeochemistry, biology or similar, an international career, and an extensive international network within marine science. The candidate should have an international top-level research profile within the following key topics:  Eutrophication effects including biogeochemical cycling of carbon and nutrients in the marine environment and effects of climate change Relationships between important human pressures and key ecosystem components and model approaches to the quantification of these State of the art sampling and monitoring techniques The successful candidate must be able to develop ecological models based on experimental set up in field studies and laboratory experiments as well as from spatio-temporal data obtained through ecological monitoring programs. The research shall support the Departments’ leading role in providing advice to the Danish authorities on environmental issues, and dissemination of research results to managers, politicians and other stakeholders is an important task linked to the position. Hence, the applicant is expected to acquire the Danish language both spoken and written, as relevant courses will be offered.  Research and advisory activities at the department are project-driven with a solid tradition in cross-disciplinary research and strong team collaboration. Thus, we are looking for a candidate with proven collaborative skills and the ability to enrich the scientific environment in the Department by initiating and coordinating new research initiatives (e.g. EU H2020 and FP9, ERC, Danish national funding) and by strengthening the department’s scientific network internationally as well as nationally.  The candidate should have a proven innovative research approach and must have a documented track record of attracting substantial research funding.  The candidate should be able to demonstrate excellent scientific leadership and have experience in supervising postdocs, Ph.D. students and master students. We expect that the candidate will participate in course activities at both undergraduate and graduate level.  Department of Bioscience The Department of Bioscience has 415 employees of which 332 are permanent employees and the majority of the remaining employees are PhD students and postdocs. The Department’s research areas cover most aspects of biology, spanning all biological levels from genes, physiological processes, individuals, populations and species to entire ecosystems. Strategic and applied research account for a large part of the research activities at the Department of Bioscience. Geographically, the department works from the tropics to the poles, but with greater focus on Danish conditions. The fact that the department is working with both basic and applied science provides unique opportunities for contributing to the university’s core activities: research, teaching, consultancy and talent development as well as a good foundation for building business collaborations.  The Department has a unique research environment at top international level in the field of aquatic biology and ecology. Our competencies cover a wide spectrum, from the biology of organisms to modelling water and nutrient cycles from land to sea. Research focus areas include human impact on species, the environment and the global nutrient cycle, the effects of global climate change on biological, chemical and physical processes in and around the aquatic environment, assessment of water quality and ecological status and studies on effects of measures that can be used to manage and reduce the loss of carbon, nutrients and pollutants to the aquatic environment. Our research builds upon a strong infrastructure, including the research vessel Aurora.  The Department plays a leading role in providing advice to the Danish authorities on environmental issues including implementation and assessment of marine EU Directives. We have also been deeply involved in the national marine monitoring programme (NOVANA) and have easy access to large environmental databases.  Further information about the position can be obtained from the head of section, Karsten Dahl (+45 87158566 /+45 21201970); kda@bios.au.dk) or Head of Department Peter Henriksen (+45 87158557; pet@bios.au.dk).  Assessment The applicant will evaluated on extent, quality and originality of the applicant's body of international scientific publications, including contributions to further developing the subject area in question, fund raising, teaching abilities and dissemination of research results to a political community.  Applicants are expected to meet the criteria listed for full professors in: http://scitech.medarbejdere.au.dk/fileadmin/site_files/scitech.medarbejdere.au.dk/files/Evaluation_Criteria.pdf ; Place of Employment and Place of Work The place of employment is Aarhus University, and the place of work is Department of Bioscience, Frederiksborgvej 399, DK-4000 Roskilde, Denmark.  Application procedure Shortlisting is used. This means that after the deadline for applications – and with the assistance from the assessment committee chairman, and the assessment committee if necessary, – the head of department selects the candidates to be evaluated. The selection is made on the basis of an assessment of who of the candidates are most relevant considering the requirements of the advertisement. All applicants will be notified within 6 weeks whether or not their applications have been sent to an expert assessment committee for evaluation. The selected applicants will be informed about the composition of the committee and will receive his/her assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed a final letter of rejection is sent to the deselected applicants, including the main considerations emphasized during the selection process.   Formalities and salary range Science and Technology refers to the Ministerial Order on the Appointment of Academic Staff at Danish Universities under the Danish Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation  http://www.au.dk/fileadmin/www.au.dk/Regelsamlingen/Bekendtgoerelse_nr__242_af_a3__MARTS_2012_-_ENGELSK_UDGAVE.pdf The application must be in English and include a curriculum vitae, degree certificate, a complete list of publications, a statement of future research plans and information about research activities, teaching portfolio and verified information on previous teaching experience (if any). Guidelines for applicants can be found here  http://scitech.au.dk/en/about-science-and-technology/vacant-positions/application-form-guide/ Appointment shall be in accordance with the collective labour agreement between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. Further information on qualification requirements and job content may be found in the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff at Danish Universities. (in Danish)  https://ufm.dk/lovstof/gaeldende-love-og-regler/uddannelsesinstitutioner/filer/job-structure-for-academic-staff-at-universities-2013.pdf Salary depends on seniority as agreed between the Danish Ministry of Finance and the Confederation of Professional Associations.  All interested candidates are encouraged to apply, regardless of their personal background. Research activities will be evaluated in relation to actual research time. Thus, we encourage applicants to specify periods of leave without research activities, in order to be able to subtract these periods from the span of the scientific career during the evaluation of scientific productivity.  Aarhus University offers Relocation service to International researchers. You can read more about it here  http://ias.au.dk/au-relocation-service/ We wish to recruit the best qualified candidate applying a broad perspective on competencies relevant to all aspects of the position and with a focus on collaborative skills.   Ansøgningsfrist Alle ansøgninger skal være lavet online og modtaget senest: 15/4/2018  Søg online her  http://www.au.dk/om/stillinger/videnskabelige-stillinger/stillinger/Vacancy/show/962984/5285/]