[The Department of Bio and Health Informatics (DTU Bioinformatics), a newly established Department at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU), is looking for a well-qualified Personal Assistant (PA) for the Head of Department and a highly skilled Communication Officer. The department has a rich international and dynamic work environment. Your primary task will be to support the Head of Department. The life of the Head of Department is busy with meetings inside and outside DTU, internal and external activities, external communications with partners and stakeholder, travelling, etc., and you should be the stable point of contact for the head of department at the department. You will also be working on a broad range of administrative and communicative tasks together with other administrative staff of DTU Bioinformatics and at corporate DTU. It is important that you have excellent communication skills via different methods (phone, emails, websites, social media, etc.) Primary areas of responsibility • Acting as a primary point of contact for the Head of Department and his office by answering phones, emails and communicating with internal/external collaborators and stakeholders on behalf of the Head of Department • Planning and coordination of the Head of Department’s activities including daily management of calendar and planning of meetings • Preparation of meeting material for the Head of Department, taking minutes of the meetings and follow-up on action points from meetings • Solid translation skills from Danish into English and the opposite • Composing and preparing correspondence via emails/letters that is sometimes private and confidential • Updating and writing texts for our website and intranet, internal newsletters • Developing and implementing social media strategy together with corporate communication department and actively maintaining it • On behalf of the Head of Department, communicating with DTU corporate offices including HR, Finance, Economy, Communication, Education, Research and Innovation and sector development • Planning and coordination of travelling and handling of travel reimbursements for the Head of Department. This includes arranging complex and detailed travel plans, bookings, itineraries, applying for visas and preparing agendas and compiling documents for travel-related meetings • Other administrative tasks such as filing and other ad hoc tasks Strong background as Personal Assistant and Communication Officer We expect that you have a strong background as a PA/Executive Assistant for senior management with strong communication experience - preferably in an international research setting. You are proactive, multi-tasking and able to maintain confidentiality and are well prepared to assist the head of department on a daily basis. You are fluent in both Danish and English – both orally and in writing. You are also an experienced user of MS Office and comfortable with Content Management Systems (e.g. Sitecore). You have some experience in updating and maintaining websites and communication via social media. We are looking for a person who is well motivated to learn new things and has a positive attitude to new challenges. You have very strong interpersonal skills and the ability to build relationships with stakeholders, including staff, management board members, external partners and donors. We expect that you can operate independently, multi-task, make decisions and ensure close follow-up on tasks. As a person you are outgoing and able to cooperate with both internal and external partners and thrive on a great variation of tasks. You are both organised and structured and create and maintain an overview while paying attention to quality, detail, and deadlines. You are loyal and treat confidential information with great care. What we offer in return We offer an interesting and challenging job in an international atmosphere with the focus on research, teaching, innovation and scientific advice for the benefit of the surrounding community. We place emphasis on a high level of professionalism among our staff, so skills development is an integral part of our organization. We offer a great flexibility in the position. In the area of technical and natural sciences, DTU is one of the leading research and education institutions in Europe. Salary and terms of employment The appointment will be based on qualifications and the collective agreement made between the Danish Ministry of Finance and HK/Stat or the collective agreement with the Confederation of Professional Associations (AC overenskomst). Application and contact Please submit your online application no later than 6 April 2018. Apply online at http://www.career.dtu.dk. To apply, please open the link "Apply online," fill in the online application form, and attach your application (cover letter), CV and diplomas. Further information may be obtained from Head of Department Haja Kadarmideen director@bioinformatics.dtu.dk or Administrative Team Leader Sannie Holmquist Christensen sahc@bioinformatics.dtu.dk. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, disability, race, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. You can read more about DTU Bioinformatics at http://www.bioinformatics.dtu.dk/english. DTU Bioinformatics has its main research and teaching activities in bio-medical and bio-technological informatics, metagenomics, epidemiology, quantitative genomics, integrative systems biology, artificial intelligence and machine learning. The research involves the use of vast amounts of phenotypic, clinical, environmental, biological and multi-omic information in humans, animals, plants and microbes. We run projects combining big data and laboratory research via the national supercomputing center or Computerome and the molecular genomics laboratories. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]