[Quality Coordinator
Are you the person who can help us coordinate things? Do you thrive in having many different tasks and working days where no two are alike? Then it could be you we are searching for in Customer Quality 
 
Company Overview
Universal Robots is the worldwide market leader in collaborative robots. Our robots have revolutionized the way people work – not by making jobs redundant, but by improving productivity and creating a safer work environment.
Universal Robots is looking for highly-skilled employees who are capable of meeting the challenges of developing ground-breaking robots and bringing these to the market. The company is in the process of building its global organization with a strong market position. To learn more about our groundbreaking products, please visit http://www.universal-robots.com .
Since 2015, Universal Robots is part of Teradyne Inc.
 
The Position
With reference to our Customer Quality Manager, your primary task will be to offer administrative support to our Global Repair and Spare Parts organization. You will be working from our HQ in Odense, Denmark.
Main Tasks and Responsibilities:
The main tasks and responsibilities in this role include:


Participate in quality activities across the organization and ensure the update of relevant quality documentation


Handling internal claims and supporting global subsidiaries in their claims handling


Maintain master data in our quality system


Prepare quality and service reports


Prepare documentation – including work instructions for our global service departments


 
Key Skills & Qualifications:


You hold a relevant education and preferably experience from working in a quality department


If you have experience from a production company and knowledge of ISO 9001 standard, this would be an advantage. Also, it is important that you thrive in administrative work and pay attention to systems, structure and order


You are team oriented and a good colleague


Fluent in English in writing and orally


Enjoy working in a global organization


Show a large degree of commitment and independence


You are ”robust” as a person, as this is a job with many challenges and stakeholders and you need to make decisions independently


Want to hear more about working at Universal Robots, check this out!
 
We offer:
At Universal Robots, we ask a lot from our employees and in exchange we offer an exciting job in a dynamic and fast-growing company with the opportunity of working alongside skilled and talented colleagues. You will be empowered to help make Universal Robots a success. You will be given responsibility and can take responsibility. We trust our employees to make educated decisions that benefit the organization. Join us on an exciting journey where UR is building the future.
Apply for the position
Apply for this job on our website under "Career" by clicking "Apply for the job". Please note that this is the only way we wish to receive applications. Interviews are held continuously.]