[DescriptionCombine your interest in C#, MS Windows Frameworks & API’s and AZURE Services to develop software related to Medical Devices that help save patients’ lives every day. We are keeping our products up to speed with for example IT Cloud, Big-Data and mobile platform development, which means that you have plenty of opportunities to provide Hospital and Support staff with the best productivity tools that they deserve.We invite you to read more about the primary software that you help us develop in the job. Read about AQURE.Top Class Software and Cloud Service Your main responsibility is to ensure that service features and solutions are developed according to our processes and high expectations to Quality. You design and innovate new features in a CI/CD driven team setup using AZURE integrated with Local cloud technology stack and BI Back-ends.Reporting to Head of Point of Care & IoT Software, Morten Hastrup, you join a team of dedicated engineers and developers located in Copenhagen with colleagues in India, who like yourself strive to develop a world class cloud service for hospital staff around the globe. Our starting point is excellent since we have very satisfied customers already, but we look forward to work hard together with you to maintain our position in the market.  Key ResponsibilitiesWhat is great about working with software development in Radiometer is that you have a large team of software developers to share your tasks and ideas with. That being said we expect you to take lead of the following activities: • Overall responsible for Service Features from Needs to Deployment• Drive R&D actions in requirements analysis and solution proposals• Responsible for designing, documenting, demonstration, and delivering features• Implementing SW features, Support tools, Test Automation, and Configurations• Performing Design and Code reviews• Improvements of Agile process and tools• Participate in improving work practicesThe job does not require you to travel that much. A maximum of 5% of your time. Contribute, grow and develop Radiometer is a knowledge intensive organization always striving for knowledge sharing and innovation through LEAN management and Agile IT-tools and values. It makes it fun and meaningful to be part of an organization where your thoughts and ideas are embraced by management and can make a true impact. Developing on a personal and professional level is of a high importance for everyone in Radiometer and that is why we have many employees building and developing their careers for many years in Radiometer and Danaher.  Application deadlineApplication deadline is Monday 19 February 2018. Start the application process by pressing "Apply Online" and follow the guidelines on our corporate career site. Please attach your CV and other relevant documents. We look forward to receiving your application.For further information, please contact Head of Point of Care & IoT Software, Morten Hastrup at tel. +45 20 70 37 56.  QualificationsWe expect you to have a relevant education related to software development. This combined with some or most of the following experiences enhances your chances of success in the job:• 5+ years’ SW Development in .NET/C#/HTML5• MS Windows Frameworks & API’s• Databases (SQL, No-SQL)• AZURE Services (Big-Data, AI)• Requirements breakdown and estimations• Security Design Principals• Scrum/Kanban proficiency• Visual Studio• Ability to sketch and explain solutions• Continuous Integration chain• TFS or similarFinally, we expect you to be fluent in English.  Danaher Corporation OverviewDanaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 62,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $16.9B in revenue last year. We are ranked #133 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,300% over 20 years.At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization:  RadiometerJob Function:  EngineeringPrimary Location:  EMEA-Western Europe-Denmark-Hovedstaden-BrønshøjSchedule:  Full-time]