[About UsAt Radiometer, our mission is to help caregivers make diagnostic decisions that save lives. To provide caregivers the insight and confidence that help them arrive at the right diagnostic decisions – decisions that in the end help save lives.  On a yearly basis millions of lives are touched by the information our solutions provide and that’s a fact, we take very seriously; the more critical the setting, the greater the requirements are and that’s why we’ve made it our vision to improve global healthcare with reliable, fast and easy patient diagnoses.  Want to know more about our mission and vision? Click on the link: Link of YouTube video Our peopleAt Radiometer, we acknowledge that the information our products provide is often the difference between life and death; an acknowledgement that drives and unites us as a company. From biotech and software specialists to financial controllers and engineers, all 3200 colleagues are committed and dedicated to help realize life’s potential. If you aspire to be part of a purpose, performance and values driven organization whose mission and vision guide every action, we are eager to hear from you. DescriptionRadiometer is now offering a rare career opportunity: R&D Senior Specialist for in-market development of the ABL90 Sensor Cassettes (ABL90SC). If you have the knowledge, experience and passion related to electrochemistry, optical or sensor technology to further improve the ABL90SC, that with the use of only a few drops of blood can help diagnose patients on 19 different parameters within 35 seconds, you can be the one to influence the many thousands of sensor cassettes that our customers rely on. The demand for the product is rising each year so your product contribution lasts for many years to come.A team of highly specialized engineers and techniciansYour closest colleges will be engineers and technicians from R&D and production. Plenty of performance data and reports are at your disposal since the product is already on market. Your responsibilities sums up to:• Improve and sustain the customer experience  on ABL90SC  Identify and verify countermeasures to continuously improve the quality for ABL90SC• Development of quality enhancing design/process changes for ABL90SC • Statistical analysis of production data to identify root causes and potential solutions to quality issues• Project management of  quality improvement projects • Be subject matter expert within sensor quality change at auditsExpected travelling activities are 20 days per year. Contribute, grow and develop Radiometer is a growing organization always developing through LEAN management tools and values. It makes it fun and meaningful to be part of an organization where your thoughts and ideas are embraced by management and can make a true impact. Developing on a personal and professional level is of a high importance for everyone in Radiometer and that is why we have many employees building and developing their careers for many years in Radiometer and Danaher. Application DeadlineApplication deadline is Monday 19 February 2018. Start the application process by pressing "Apply Online" and follow the guidelines on our corporate career site. Please attach your CV and other relevant documents. You can also apply quick and simple through LinkedIn. We look forward to receiving your application.For further information, please contact R&D Manager, Stig Lykke Iversen at tel. +45 6024 4848.  QualificationsWe expect you to have at least a master’s degree within science. Maybe you have done a PhD or Postdoc. Furthermore, we expect that you have knowledge about some or most of the following topics:• Electrochemistry • Sensor knowledge • Statistics • 3 years post-graduate experience • Project management experience • µ-fluidics• Physics • Documentation of verified countermeasures • Understanding compliance systems for diagnostics Danaher Corporation OverviewDanaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 62,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $16.9B in revenue last year. We are ranked #133 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,300% over 20 years.At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization:  RadiometerJob Function:  SciencePrimary Location:  EMEA-Western Europe-Denmark-Hovedstaden-BrønshøjSchedule:  Full-time]