[Job descriptionTrackMan is growing fast and we are looking for a Head of Software Testing to take our software testing and validation to the next level. Take the lead of our creative software test team, where you will be a key player in the constant strive to heighten the quality of our software. As Head of Software Testing, you will be leading and developing a dedicated team of Software Testers who develop automated test platforms for iOS, Android, Windows (frontend and backend), Firmware and Cloud Services. The team is now 4 people + 4 part time employees and still growing.  The team develops and runs advanced automated testing, and does some manual testing. In addition to the daily testing, the team also provides test services to other departments by developing testing tools, test methodologies and counselling. You will be part of the R&D leadership team and have reference to SVP – Head of R&D.RequirementsAre you our new colleague?You are experienced in classic software test using testcases and bug tracking software. In addition you also have a deep knowledge of how automated testing is developed using tools like Test Complete, Appium, Selenium or Xamarin test cloud. You have experience with manual and automated software test, and knowledge about testing backend services. You have worked with either C#, Java or Python, and you are most likely also used to working with SCRUM and Kanban. Experience with OOD, Agile Development, Scrum, Unit Testing, Design Patterns and Continuous Integration is a plus. Extensive Leadership experience is not a requirement but the ability and willingness to be leader and show the direction for the team is a must. This could be a great opportunity for a Senior Software Tester with interest in people and processes. We expect you to be an active part of the Software Testing, yet also take the lead in motivated the team, and driving the results forward. You proactively seek to improve our processes and tools, and you enjoy a collaborative work environment where we build on each other’s competencies across software development teams, UI/UX and Hardware projects.  So what does TrackMan do?TrackMan develop, manufacture and sell 3D sports ball measurement systems and our technologies have disrupted the way athletes practice to maximize their performance. With our technologies, both coaches and players can analyze performance with unprecedented precision and insight. We operate in sports verticals spanning from golf, football, tennis, and soccer, to more distinctive disciplines like the Olympic Game’s hammer throw and shot put. Common for them all is their demand for instant, accurate and reliable data on performance. Today, TrackMan is considered to be the world leader in sport ball measurement and the company has already set the industry standards for accuracy in both golf and baseball. Join a great company!TrackMan’s blend of sports, cutting-edge technology and strong growth make it a unique work place. Our pioneering and entrepreneurial spirit questions the status quo, and we strive to remain customer-centric while pursuing our ambitious goals. The work culture is informal, yet rewarding as you will collaborate with some of the best brains in Denmark in the areas of algorithms, radar technology, computer vision, software development, coding, embedded software and hardware development. TrackMan's state-of-the-art technologies are conceptualized, engineered and developed by combining engineering know-how with an embracing and an ever-diversified pool of cultures and talents.  TrackMan A/S is a privately held Danish company established in 2003. We are some 200 people worldwide, of which 100 work at our headquarters in Vedbæk where this position is also based. Apply now!If you would like to work in an environment with great technologies, great sports, and great colleagues, please send your application (cover letter and CV) as soon as possible.  Interviews are taking place on an ongoing basis. For further information, please contact SVP Head of R&D Claus Borum at +45 2272 3803. We look forward to hearing from you.]