[Department of Food Science, Faculty of Science at University of Copenhagen is offering a PhD scholarship in Dairy Chemistry and Technology commencing 01.07.2018 or as soon as possible thereafter. Description of the scientific environment Department of Food Science has research activities within food microbiology, food chemistry, food analysis, metabolomics, molecular and technological functionality, food processing technology, exploratory data analysis, gastronomy, sensory quality and consumer perception: http://www.food.ku.dk. The PhD candidate will be part of the Food Proteins group headed by assoc. prof. Marianne Nissen Lund: http://bmi.ku.dk/english/research/food_proteins/. Project description The position is part of a larger research project named INFANT-I: Tailored processing of bioactive ingredients for high-end infant formula. The project aims to develop and document improved health qualities of protein ingredients for infant formula and offers a unique possibility to work in close collaboration with Arla Foods Ingredients and Department of Animal and Veterinary Sciences at UCPH. You can read more about the project here: http://food.ku.dk/english/news/2017/new-project-will-create-healthier-infant-formula/. The PhD project is one of three positions at Department of Food Science and will focus on development of bioactive protein ingredients for infant formula by gentle processing in close collaboration with Arla Foods Ingredients. Characterisation of chemical and structural modifications of the developed protein ingredients will be performed by various techniques such as liquid chromatography (HPLC, UHPLC, LC-MS/MS), SDS-page, Western Blots, UV-Vis and fluorescence spectroscopy, light scattering, and size exclusion chromatography. The PhD candidate is therefore expected to have good hands-on experience with a large range of analytical techniques and expertise in food chemistry and dairy technology, and will be expected to work as part of a project team and be prepared to deliver results within specific deadlines. Principal supervisor is Associate professor Marianne Nissen Lund, Department of Food Science, E-mail mnl@food.ku.dk , Direct Phone: 3533 3547. Job description The position is available for a 3-year period and your key tasks as a PhD student at SCIENCE are: 

To manage and carry through your research project 
Attend PhD courses 
Write scientific articles and your PhD thesis 
Teach and disseminate your research 
To stay at an external research institution for a few months, preferably abroad 
Work for the department Formal requirements Applicants should hold an MSc degree in Food Science and Technology with good results and good English skills. As criteria for the assessment of your qualifications emphasis will also be laid on previous publications (if any) and relevant work experience. Terms of employment The position is covered by the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff. Terms of appointment and payment accord to the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Danish Confederation of Professional Associations on Academics in the State. Application Procedure The application, in English, must be submitted electronically by clicking APPLY NOW below. Please include 

Cover Letter, stating your motivation and background for applying for the specific PhD project. 
CV 
Diploma and transcripts of records (BSc and MSc) 
Other information for consideration, e.g. list of publications (if any), 
Full contact details (Name, address, telephone & email) of 1-3 professional referees The University wishes our staff to reflect the diversity of society and thus welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background. The deadline for applications is 3rd April 2018, 23:59 GMT+2 After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Interview Committee. Afterwards an assessment committee will be appointed to evaluate the selected applications. The applicants will be notified of the composition of the committee and the final selection of a successful candidate will be made by the Head of Department, based on the recommendations of the assessment committee and the interview committee. The main criterion for selection will be the research potential of the applicant and the above mentioned skills. The successful candidate will then be requested to formally apply for enrolment as a PhD student at the PhD school of Science. You can read more about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk/faculty/recruitment-process/. Questions For specific information about the PhD scholarship, please contact the principal supervisor Associate professor Marianne Nissen Lund, Department of Food Science, E-mail: mnl@food.ku.dk. General information about PhD programmes at SCIENCE is available at http://www.science.ku.dk/phd ]