[About Us: At Radiometer, our mission is to help caregivers make diagnostic decisions that save lives. To provide caregivers the insight and confidence that help them arrive at the right diagnostic decisions – decisions that in the end help save lives.  On a yearly basis millions of lives are touched by the information our solutions provide and that’s a fact, we take very seriously; the more critical the setting, the greater the requirements are and that’s why we’ve made it our vision to improve global healthcare with reliable, fast and easy patient diagnoses.  Want to know more about our mission and vision? Click on the link: Link of YouTube video Our peopleAt Radiometer, we acknowledge that the information our products provide is often the difference between life and death; an acknowledgement that drives and unites us as a company. From biotech and software specialists to financial controllers and engineers, all 3200 colleagues are committed and dedicated to help realize life’s potential. If you aspire to be part of a purpose, performance and values driven organization whose mission and vision guide every action, we are eager to hear from you.  DescriptionCombine your interest in .NET, web development, database configurations and software development to contribute to technologically advanced products. In close interaction with other developers and your UI and GUI experienced colleagues you can look forward to contributing to development of Radiometer’s software and web platform. So grab your best github ideas and come to Radiometer where our house full of developers in Copenhagen and India join forces with our many engineers to develop fascinating technology in Medical Devices that help save patients’ lives every day. Top Class Software and Cloud Service Your main responsibility is to ensure that product features and solutions are developed according to our processes and high expectations to quality. You design new features that continuously improve user experience while creating Software implementations and Error corrections in a time-efficient manner. You contribute to new updates to our software, which has a positive influence on hospital staff around the world. Reporting to R&D Software Manager, Michael Midtgaard, you join a team of dedicated engineers and developers located in Copenhagen with colleagues in India, who like yourself strive to develop world class software for hospital staff around the globe. Key ResponsibilitiesWhat is great about working with software development in Radiometer is that it plays a more and more important part in our products. You get to collaborate with a large team of software developers while learning and contributing across teams in our organization. You can expect to take lead of the following activities: • Overall responsible for product Software Feature areas• Drive R&D actions in requirements analysis and solution proposals• Responsible for designing, documenting and delivering product features• Implementing Software features• Be active in Agile planning and demo sessions• Participate in improving work practices and processesThe job does not require you to travel that much. A maximum of 5% of your time. Contribute, grow and develop Radiometer is a knowledge intensive organization always striving for knowledge sharing and innovation through LEAN management and Agile IT-tools and values. It makes it fun and meaningful to be part of an organization where your thoughts and ideas are embraced by management and can make a true impact. Developing on a personal and professional level is of a high importance for everyone in Radiometer and that is why we have many employees building and developing their careers for many years in Radiometer and Danaher.   Application deadlineApplication deadline is Wednesday 21 February 2018. Start the application process by pressing "Apply Online" and follow the guidelines on our corporate career site. Please attach your CV and other relevant documents. You can also apply quick and simple through the job ad on LinkedIn. We look forward to receiving your application. For further information, please contact R&D Software Manager, Michael Midtgaard at tel. +45 38 27 34 22.  QualificationsWe expect you to have a relevant education related to software development. This combined with some or most of the following experiences enhances your chances of success in the job:• 3 years+ with Software Development in .NET/ C#/HTML5• MS Windows Server Frameworks & API’s• MS SQL configurations• Requirements breakdown and estimations• Scrum/Kanban proficient• Visual Studio• Ability to sketch and explain solutions• Continuous Integration chainKnowledge of Client-side JavaScript, UI/GUI, the internals of web browsers and TFS or similar would be an additional plus in this job. Finally, we expect you to be fluent in English.  Danaher Corporation OverviewDanaher is a global science & technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improve quality of life worldwide. Our world class brands are leaders in some of the most demanding and attractive industries, including life sciences, medical diagnostics, dental, environmental and applied solutions. Our globally diverse team of 62,000 associates is united by a common culture and operating system, the Danaher Business System, which serves as our competitive advantage. We generated $16.9B in revenue last year. We are ranked #133 on the Fortune 500 and our stock has outperformed the S&P 500 by more than 1,300% over 20 years.At Danaher, you can build a career in a way no other company can duplicate. Our brands allow us to offer dynamic careers across multiple industries. We’re innovative, fast-paced, results-oriented, and we win. We need talented people to keep winning. Here you’ll learn how DBS is used to shape strategy, focus execution, align our people, and create value for customers and shareholders. Come join our winning team. Organization:  RadiometerJob Function:  EngineeringPrimary Location:  EMEA-Western Europe-Denmark-Hovedstaden-BrønshøjSchedule:  Full-time]