[Do you want to be a part of a highly dedicated and professional team of electrical cabinet design engineers developing electrical solutions for our offshore turbines? In case you want to be part of a project from the first stage in the project to the final launch – we are looking for a skilled and result oriented electrical engineer with experience within design of electrical cabinets.  
What are my responsibilities?· Design of Electrical cabinets for the department projects e.g. power converters and control panels· Driving technical solutions and reviews with internal design team and multiple sub-suppliers and solution providers· Ensure a transfer of knowledge and documentation towards our sub supplier in order to make it possible for them to build prototype and implement the product in the production· Ensure that test and verification are executed with success at our sub supplier· Ensure right quality and deliver as promised to our projects and costumers· Driving own technical deliverables according to commitments· Continued development of the design process, design guidelines and design rules 
What do I need to qualify for this job?· You have an education within electrical engineering and minimum 2 years of experience within product development of complex products with multiple stakeholders and suppliers· You have experience in using CADDY ++ as a tool· You have knowledge of project management and/or experience as design engineer with a good technical understanding· An overall electrical understanding including knowledge and experience within electrical design is required. Wind turbine knowledge is an advantage· You are familiar with working in large matrix organizations· You are a dedicated team player and you thrive in a multi-cultural environment· You have excellent practical and people management skills, strong communication skills and can interface with numerous parties· Furthermore, you possess fluency in spoken and written English 
In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. 
About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. 
Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark.
Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. ;
We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. 
By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. 
Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. 
For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. 
Deadline for applications: as soon as possible 
If you want to know more about what it is like to work and live in Denmark, please read more at http://www.siemens.dk/moving-to-denmark.]