[Network and Datacenter Infrastructure Architect
Are you looking for a job where you will be able to use your many years of experience working with Infrastructure Architecture and solutions? If so, there is a great opportunity for you in FLSmidth. You can become part of FLSmidth Group Business Solutions and can look forward to join an international environment in which you’ll have lots of dedicated colleagues. We have employees in the majority of countries around the world – primarily India, Denmark, and USA – and minor local departments with few employees on selected locations.
Drive the Network and Datacenter architecture and solutions
You will belong to the global Infrastructure Architecture and Standards team and refer to the manager of that team. The Global Infrastructure Management functions are besides the Architecture and Standards team divided into the following Global Competency Centers: UNIX, Workplace Management, Security, AD & Communications and Application Infrastructure. Furthermore all Infrastructure operations are handled by a team based in India.
As our Infrastructure architect you will be a part of a dedicated team focusing on the support of the digital initiatives and requirements from the business by building, maintaining and improving a global Network and datacenter service. In collaboration with the Competency Centers and the operation team you will be working with governance and architecture of a global Cisco network and our global datacenter architecture. Further you’ll work with local infrastructure solutions for specific application needs.
Experienced IT Infrastructure Architect
Your educational background is secondary to your practical experience. Your track record reflects experience from several similar positions in international companies, in which you have acquired extensive experience working with Infrastructure architecture and especially working with Network and Datacenter Architecture.
Moreover, you are known for your ability to be proactive, self-driven, structured and organise your work in order to deliver results that meet business requirements. Being a skilled communicator written and orally, you can effortlessly establish relations to stakeholders across organisational levels and geography. You are not afraid to make independent decisions.
FLSmidth, a dynamic workplace!
Group Business Solutions in FLSmidth has 330 employees to implement and operate IT systems across the globe. We are predominantly hosting and operating systems in-house, augmented by supplier contracts where necessary. We pride ourselves on quick and high-quality deliveries to our Business Units, to fit their dynamic agendas. You will cooperate with IT colleagues all over the world, although most of our IT resources are located in India.
Questions about the position may be directed to Jesper Hornbøll, Manager IT infrastructure Architecture and Standards, on +45 41 37 15 70. Please apply by clicking “apply” on this page. We will review applications and interview on an ongoing basis so please apply as soon as possible.
Our commitment to youFLSmidth helps build societies all over the world by contributing to the infrastructure needed for global economic growth.
You take off for a career in an international environment in close collaboration with customers, suppliers and colleagues all over the world based on our values: Competence, Co-operation and Responsibility.
Ensuring that safety stays on top of mind is part of FLSmidth’s commitment of being a responsible employer and we focus on developing your talent through ongoing training.
FLSmidth is an international engineering company with an annual turnover of app. EUR 2.4 bn. We are the world’s leading supplier of plants, machinery, services and spare parts to the minerals and cement industry. To maintain our market leading position, we invest massively in technological innovation, R&D and training of our more than 12,100 employees worldwide. Visit http://www.flsmidth.com for further information on our business and services.]