[Does Integrity, Passion and Commitment for clinical data sound good? Then Data Management in LEO Pharma could be the place for you to work.
About the Job
In LEO Pharma 'Patient, People and Performance' matters. We have an exciting 2025 strategy and a strong pipeline - well balanced with many projects in early-stage as well as in late-stage development.
As Data Manager you will be responsible for accurate, timely and consistent clinical data. You will provide clinical data management support to cross functional trial teams.
You will assume a large variety of tasks and responsibilities within the Data Management area, both with hands-on work and CRO oversight on key pipeline projects. The tasks will include interactions with management, key internal and external stakeholders including interaction with authorities (e.g. at Inspections). You will develop, and have oversight of i.e. Data Management Plans, eCRF specifications, database lock documentation. You will work closely together with Data Management CROs and EDC vendors. You will enjoy working with your DM colleagues to optimise our processes, in an organisation where knowledge sharing is key.
Your Qualifications
You have a minimum of 5 years of experience from a similar position within a pharmaceutical company. You hold a B.Sc. or M.Sc. in life and/or computer science. Likewise you must be self-driven, with strong collaboration and communication skills. You have a positive, pro-active, taking-responsibility attitude with a passionate team spirit. You are fully proficient in both written and spoken English. Experience with Rave EDC, ePROs, CDISC standards, SAS programming, and Risk Based Monitoring will be an advantage.
Data Management – your new department
You will be part of a dedicated team in an exciting and rapidly changing environment, with a high degree of influence on own your daily work. You will as an experienced Data Manager have an opportunity to make a difference in your team (both within DM, Trial teams and at program level). Likewise you will have an opportunity to make a difference for our company and for patients with a skin conditions. Data Management consists of great colleagues in an informal fun, learning and international organisation.
Contact and application deadline
The position refers to Head of Data Management, Lisbet Groes who can be contacted on gytdk@leo-pharma.com. Deadline for submitting your application is June 17th 2018. We will assess applications on an ongoing basis and call for interviews ongoing, so please submit your application at your earliest possible convenience.]