[Location: VejleOrganization: Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy in Denmark Mode of employment: Full time (maternity cover) For our Offshore business unit we are looking for a new Project Order Manager to join our existing team as a maternity cover.As our new Project Order Manager you will be responsible for conducting operational activities in Offshore projects, ensuring the success of the project by accurate and on schedule customer supply. You will report to the Head of Site Logistics and will join a team with plenty of opportunities for contributing to the future growth.You will be overall responsible for the execution of the project supply chain for spare parts and tools,  which includes ordering components, coordinating the pick-up from suppliers together with the transport team and delivery to the sites as well as optimizing the process. What are my responsibilities?·         Coordinating, communicating and maintaining all dates and information from internal and external suppliers·         Executing orders for various components, tools, equipment and the like·         Creating deficiency and status reports regarding material and product availability·         Ensuring the ad hoc ordering throughout the project and eventually returning relevant components·         Executing the return flows and cross projects of components and tools In this position you should expect 5-10 travelling days per year.  What do I need to qualify for this job?·         You have a background as an Export Engineer or similar - preferably with experience from a larger, international company·         You possess a medium level of logistic concepts understanding·         You have experience in handling big, complex projects and tenders·         You are an experienced user of SAP·         As a person you are independent, persistent, outgoing and you know how to work closely with different working areas·         You possess excellent English skills, both orally and in writing In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergyWith a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at http://www.siemens.com/windpower. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/. Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information about the position, please contact the hiring manager, Kirsten Tranholm Gravesen via phone: +45 3037 5653. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible If you want to know more about what it is like to work and live in Denmark, please read more at http://www.siemens.dk/moving-to-denmark.]