[Do you have extensive experience in setting up and driving global clinical trials and do you want to be part of a team developing new and better treatments for people with obesity? Do you thrive in working as a project manager, driving and engaging stakeholders to deliver on time? Then we might have the right job for you.In Global Development, we are responsible for managing clinical drug development worldwide from early development phases to product introduction. We ensure medical and scientific documentation for clinical submissions and authorities while ensuring that the process lives up to uniform global standards, regulations and business ethics.About the departmentIn Trial Operations, Obesity we are approximately 40 highly skilled and ambitious employees. We are responsible for the planning, execution and finalisation of clinical trial activities in phase 2-4 within the obesity portfolio.We collaborate closely with other functional areas, Clinical Research Organisations and our colleagues worldwide. We value an open, team and trust-based working environment. Our working environment is characterised by interesting and complex assignments and continuous professional development opportunities.The positionAs Senior International Trial Manager, you will be responsible for timely planning, execution and finalisation of a clinical trial using your strong operational and therapeutic experience.You will through clear communication and teamwork collaborate with the International Study Group to ensure delivery of trial management activities and oversee coordination of deliverables from relevant stakeholders as well as keep track of trial risk and mitigation plans.You know the importance of details when setting up a trial, developing trial documents such as protocols, monitoring guidelines, recruitment and retention strategies, as well as providing input to clinical IT systems. At the same time you are able to digest complex data output and evaluate the level of data quality during a trial. You have a proven track record of ensuring trial activities progress within the given timelines and in accordance with the trial budget.QualificationsYou hold a university degree in natural science or equivalent with at least 5 years of experience in trial management as well as clinical trial methodology. You have great project management/leadership skills and work in an independent manner. Furthermore, you have a quality mind set with eye for important details, together with a structured and analytical approach.You must have the drive and focus to meet challenging deadlines and know how to prioritise between different tasks in a dynamic environment. Good presentation, communication and negotiation skills and strong IT and data process knowledge is required.You are a dedicated team player with a high degree of flexibility and change preparedness that inspires trust amongst colleagues and partners. Proficiency in written and spoken English is essential.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, your skills, dedication and ambition help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent and benefit from a range of possibilities for professional and personal development.ContactFor further information, please contact Jeanett Borsdal-Hansen at +45 3075 7085.Deadline3 April 2018. Please notice that the applications will be reviewed on an ongoing basis up until the application deadline.]