[At Arla Foods, our natural passion for new technology plays a vital part in how we strive to grow our gbusiness and bring our customers closer to nature. As the energy of our business, you combine a process and engineering mindset with quality orientation and a desire to head our continuous evolution.We have set an ambitious growth strategy of creating the future of dairy in Arla Foods.To this end, we are looking for a skilled Senior Enterprise Architect who can pave the way for architecture and global solutions to improve transparency throughout Arla's core functions. As part of the Enterprise Architecture and Strategy team located in Aarhus, you will work as part of a team of 7 truly competent colleagues.Drive the global target architecture for Arla's core functionsYour domain of expertise is in HR & Finance areas, with a secondary focus on our Shared Services architecture. Together with the Lead Enterprise Architect for core functions, your overriding task will be to ensure that strategic initiatives within the core functional areas move Arla towards a fully transparent administrative back end, supporting the global busines standardisation and increase in efficiency and scalability of services. Through close cooperation with the Lead Enterprise Architect on administrative core functions, you will engage with architects and business stakeholders to align specific needs with the long term vision and strategy. Aside from this, you will deliver specific enterprise architecutral services, like selection of IT platforms and assistance to the creation of solution roadmap. To provide top class sparring, you will keep yourself updated on recent trends and topics in technical and business domains. Look forward to an exciting position where you will get to know the ins and outs of Arla's IT landscape and business needs.SAP background and core function experienceYour track record covers solid experience with SAP products in adminstrative domains such as HR, Finance or Procurement. Your professional background includes application design with different technologies and you are familiar with dealing with topics like information security, process design, application architecture and data modelling. You have a strong, value stream based process understanding, combined with analytical capacity which allow you to define architecture that meets strategy and busines needs. You have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and are capable of establishing strong networks with key stakeholders and IT specialists in a challenging matrix environment. You are capable to analyse complex disciplinary problems and summarise them in a simple and understandable way that supports executive decision making. At the same time, you must be a good listener and able to see matters from your colleague's point of view. Finally, you have an excellent command of written and spoken English.We are flexible on whether this role is based in Aarhus, Denmark or in Gdansk, Poland. If based in Gdansk, you would be required to be in Denmark approx 1 week a month.ApplicationAll applications will be treated in the strictest confidence.Please apply via link.]