[Position summaryDo you have the potential to be the best and are you passionate about finance? Then you should become part of our Graduate Programme and start your career as one of our new graduate consultants in CFO Finance. CFO Finance is a professional community within CFO Services, Deloitte Consulting, and we are the top tier provider of operational finance consultants in DK.Make an impact that matters as a finance consultantWe work within all areas of the CFO and engage with clients to operate, optimize and transform the finance function.We have clients across different industries and sizes, both national and international. Our impact and client satisfaction will require different measures and collaboration on each project and assignment. The foundation is usually the same, though: Our real passion for the CFO area.We have an issue-based approach and apply our core finance and consultancy skills to tailor our solutions to the client - and we work alongside their organisation to build tangible improvements and results.We want you to develop and be able to apply your skills on finance operations and finance business partnering, while working closely with the client and colleagues on all levels in Deloitte and the client organisation. We spend most of our time on site with our clients and thus, your doer mentality and ability to interact with other people is key to success.What does the position entail?As a graduate, you start your career with Deloitte and is eager to learn. We have a proven track record of accelerating talent development. You will be included in our team, alongside your new graduate colleagues, and connect with clients from the beginning.Based on the client needs and your skill set, the focus of your assignments can vary from accounting, month-end-closing, controlling, process optimisation, management reporting, budgeting and forecasting, modelling, analysis of complex data, system implementations, transformation projects and much more. Often you will engage with clients in an interim role-based manner, e.g. in a role as accountant, finance/business controller, finance manager or ultimately CFO.Focus on your individual development and being part of the teamOur aspiration is to build the CFOs of tomorrow. We believe that the best way to gain experience, that enables you to take on CFO roles with our clients, is through hands-on work with a variety of tasks in the finance organization combined with focused training, knowledge sharing and sparring.To support career development and aspirations everyone in our organization is assigned a Talent Manager and as a graduate, you will be included on our tailored education programme (CFO Academy). Our Academy ensures you get the necessary tools and methodology for advancing your career and continue to learn and develop.CFO Academy represents a high quality and structured learning experience covering the first two years at consultant level, i.e. the graduate years. The program starts on the day you become a consultant in Deloitte and offers challenging courses tailored to your developmentin order to make sure that you achieve professional core capabilities while building a strong internal network among your peers across Deloitte Consulting and CFO Services.The social environment is of high importance to us. You will become part of a large team, and if you feel like it, you can run, play squash, taste wine or go to the movies with your colleagues. We spend a lot of time together, and therefore it is important to supplement work and development with social activities and a genuine sense of community.What do we expect from you?We expect you to have:A relevant MSc degree with good results (e.g. Cand.merc., Cand.oecon. or Cand.polit.).A real passion for accounting, management accounting and controlling.You take responsibility and can work collaboratively in a team environment.Remarkable analytical skills with an eager to convert ideas into solutions.The capability to communicate complex ideas both verbally and in writing.Good consultancy skills.How is the interview process?So are you ready to join the team? We on-board graduates into CFO Finance per 1st of March 2018 and 1st of September 2018, so don’t hesitate – send your application now.As part of the interview process, we will usually invite you for two interviews.Send us the following via deloitte.dk:CVMotivational letterGrade reports from your degrees (bachelor’s and master’s)Any other relevant material.Applications are read and evaluated continuously and so are the interviews. If you have questions regarding the position or Deloitte Consulting, you are welcome to contact Senior Manager, Rasmus Bech Andersen on +45 30 32 81 03.]