[What impact do you want to make?Would you like to make an impact, while evolving in a dynamic and inclusive culture founded on cooperation, curiosity and high ambitions? If so, Deloitte is the place for you! We acknowledge and fulfil your potential and offer you a strong professional network, where you can unfold your interests and passions.        Become a Deloitte Risk Advisory GraduateBecome a member of one of the fastest growing risk teams in the Nordics and make an impact that truly matters – not only in regard to your own career, but also to the wider world of business, community and way beyond. Deloitte Risk Advisory is now hiring curious, creative, bold and talented consultants for our Graduate Programme. Risk Advisory is a multi-disciplinary function dealing with all aspects of risk and compliance, including cyber risk, internal audit, forensics, sustainability, technology risks and controls transformation.Risk Advisory is based in Copenhagen and consists of more than 300 professionals across the Nordics with a huge breadth of skills. We use advanced methodologies, technologies and deep expertise to solve the most complex risk challenges of our clients.Your teamYou will become a member of Denmark's and Scandinavia's largest cyber team, co-operating with colleagues whose main focus is to be among the best in their respective field. You will be working at our office in Aarhus or Copenhagen, but most often you will be working at our clients’ premises. If you dream of working internationally, you will have plenty of opportunities to do so. We are experiencing “growing pains” these days and are in the process of preparing for the rapidly changing threat picture, which is best done through new resources. Our mind-set? Having a clear understanding of the threats combined with deep insight into how we make our clients' business properly prepared for their specific levels of threat. At our workplace, we focus on having fun, being inspired and ensuring diversity in terms of staffing and mind-set. Testing wild ideas must be an option. We refer to ourselves as ethical hackers, penetration testers, incident responders and analysts, but we are indeed also cyber strategists, technology experts and IT specialists co-operating across countries with our 6,500+ colleagues around the world.Your assignmentsYou will be working across departments, on international projects, and you will quickly be involved in client proposals and help produce key analyses and reports. We will make sure that you will get to grips with the latest models, methodologies, tools and frameworks so that you feel confident when approaching the client. If you dream of making a successful career, this graduate programme is a good choice, because the market is screaming for people with your skills and experience. Your qualificationsFirst of all, you need to be passionate about IT security (either the very technical part or the more “soft” part). The decisive factor is not whether you have a full git account with your own tools and written your own rootkit, or read everything in the media related to IT security and is able to tell stories about previous virus attacks that occurred back in the 90s. The important thing is that you have a very strong interest in IT security. In addition, you need to be full of energy and have a desire to learn new things and be challenged.Our fields of work include: Cyber Strategy, GDPR, Security Management, Penetration Testing, Forensics, Vulnerability Management, SCADA/ICS Security, Threat Intelligence, SIEM, Incident Response, Intrusion Detection, Code Review, Patch Management, Baselining, Network Infrastructure, Firewall Management, Cyber Asset Management, Reverse Engineering, Application Whitelisting, Log Management, Physical Security, Surveillance, System Hardening, Disaster Recovery, Secure Product Development Lifecycle Practices, Awareness & Training, Incident Management, Data Classification & Loss Prevention, HR Security, Vendor Management and Identity and Access Management.In all of these areas, we apply a strategic, tactical and operational approach.Impact that mattersWe all aspire to fulfil our purpose – to make an impact that matters. Every single day. We measure our success by the quality, creativity, integrity and innovation of our solutions. Only the best is good enough. We do not just aspire to develop solutions. We wish to make an impact that makes a positive and crucial difference to the people around us, our clients and society as a whole. Contact and application Send us your application, your CV and other relevant documents by following the link below as soon as possible, as we will be conducting interviews on a continuous basis. Our Graduate Program starts on 13 August 2018. We process applications and arrange interviews continually. Hence, we recommend that you apply as soon as possible. You can read more about Deloitte at deloitte.dk and our Graduate Program here.]