[Do you have excellent people skills, are you tech-savvy, and do you have a passion for sharing your knowledge with others? Are you passionate about providing great customer service and have you perhaps worked with websites before, e.g. by editing them or adding content? Then you might be who we are looking for as our new Customer Success Student Assistant to support our Danish customers.
The Customer Success Team at Siteimprove is a critical part of our future success, and we take the success of our customers incredibly serious. We are looking to add a part time member to the Danish Customer Success team to make sure we can keep our proactive approach to customer service.
The overall goal of the Customer Success Team is to maintain a high retention rate by helping our customers have success with our services. Responsibilities
As a Customer Success Student Assistant you will help deliver effective and proactive customer support to our Danish customer base, delivering solutions to both technical and non-technical end users while also supporting a wide range of technologies. We are looking for candidates with a passion for pleasing the customer and main duties include:

Managing a number of customer accounts.
Training customers over phone, online or onsite.
Helping customers with website and Siteimprove tool related queries.
Identifying customers that need extra help.
Working with the sales team to coordinate and understand which customers require our training services.
What We Require of You

You are preferably studying on your Master’s and have around a year left of your studies.
You speak Danish at native level.
You are customer service driven and have client-facing work experience.
You are tech-savvy, have a general interest in web, and find it easy to navigate new systems.
You are proactive and highly organized.
You have great written and verbal skills in Danish and English.
Interested in increasing your technical knowledge.
What We Would Love About You

Website management experience.
Experience in one or more of these fields: web content creation, Accessibility, SEO, Analytics.
Screen-share / training experience.
Knowledge of one or more CRM systems, Content Management Systems and HTML.
Worked in a SaaS related environment.
About Siteimprove:
Siteimprove is a Danish founded multinational company with over 450 employees worldwide. In addition to our headquarters in the heart of Copenhagen, we have offices in Minneapolis, London, Berlin, Vienna, Amsterdam, Oslo, Sydney and Toronto, and our customers are spread across North America, Europe, Japan and Australia.
Siteimprove transforms the way organizations manage and deliver their digital presence. With the Siteimprove Intelligence Platform, you gain complete visibility and deep insights, empowering you and your team to measure what matters, drive accountability, and act with certainty.
We also offer amazing perks!
Great and Inspiring Company Culture. We are passionate, innovative and people-centric. We’re consistently named as a great place to work across the globe.
Amazing Kitchen Staff. Our celebrity head chef and his kitchen staff cook delicious lunch for us every day. There’s always cake on Fridays and on special occasions and celebrations (which, luckily, is quite often). Naturally, we offer free coffee, free sodas and free fruit ad libitum, plus there’s opportunity to buy food to take home at extremely reasonable prices.
Outstanding Office Location. We are located in the heart of Copenhagen in a beautiful building sometimes referred to as “the Palace” by our employees.
Own Friday Bar. On the top floor, we have our very own Friday Bar with quality beverages. In the summer, we may take the party to our cozy courtyard for barbecuing in the sun.
Coding Club, Events, and Workshops. The Coding Club meets weekly (pizza and beverages on the house), and we regularly throw meetups, social events and workshops.
Corporate Social Responsibility. We do various activities to be a good corporate citizen, and we are very proud to be a socially responsible company, internally and externally. Learn more about our CSR efforts here.
How To Apply
Click on the ‘Apply Now’ button to submit your application. If you have any questions regarding the job or need a reasonable accommodation to apply, feel free to contact our Talent Acquisition Specialist Katrine Rav Hallas at krd@siteimprove.com
Siteimprove is a global corporation and has developed data practices designed to assure your personally-identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in accordance with our Privacy Policy at Siteimprove.com/privacy]