[Assistant Professorship in Applied EconometricsDepartment of Business and Economics                                                                                 
The Department of Business and Economics, University of Southern Denmark in Odense, invites applications for a vacant position as Assistant Professor for a period of up to 3 years. The position is within the area of Applied Econometrics and to be filled as soon as possible. Appointment to assistant professor presupposes scientific qualifications documented through a PhD degree in Business Economics or Economics.
Job descriptionThe position is within Applied Econometrics with focus on SHARE and/or SHARE-REGLINK data: http://www.share-project.org/organisation/coordination.html .
The department carries out research and teaching within the following areas: Accounting; Finance; Econometrics and Management Science; Microeconomics; and Macroeconomics, International Economics and Economic History. 
It is the aim of the department to conduct research of the highest international standard documented through publications in internationally distinguished journals and presentations at international conferences and to offer high-quality research-based teaching using the newest teaching methods to enhance students’ learning.
The successful applicant will be responsible for the teaching and supervision of BSc- and MSc-students in Business Economics and Economics.
Further information can be obtained from Head of Department, Jan Guldager Jørgensen, telephone +45 6550 4375, e-mail jgj@sam.sdu.dk
Application, salary, etc.
The successful applicant will be employed in accordance with the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and AC (the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations).
The application must include • A detailed CV • A complete list of publications• Up to 5 publications (please mark on the publication list which publications are enclosed) and co-author declarations for enclosed co-authored publications if relevant• Academic diplomas
All non-Danish documents must be translated into English.
Assessment of applications will be done under existing Appointment Order for universities. Applications will be assessed by an assessment committee. The committee may request additional information, and if so, it is the responsibility of the applicant to provide the necessary material.
When the assessment committee has submitted its report, the applicant will receive the part of the evaluation that concerns him/her.
Applications that are incomplete with regard to the above requirements will not be assessed by the committee.
The University wishes our staff to reflect the diversity of society and thus welcomes applications from all qualified candidates regardless of personal background.As part of the overall assessment of the applicant’s qualifications, an interview may be applied.
Applications must be submitted electronically using the link "Apply online". Uploaded files must be in Adobe PDF (unlocked) Word format.
Read the guideline for the applicants
Each field can only contain a single file of max. 10 Mb.]