[Applications are invited for a PhD position (three years) at the Department of Psychology, Faculty of Social Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Denmark. The chosen candidate will work in a project examining how the different professions related to the field of child sexual abuse handle cases of suspicions of child sexual abuse from suspicion to potential conviction. The method will be a review of the field’s theoretical and empirical state of art, semi-structured interviews of various practitioners representing the different professions, detailed data-analysis of the processes attached to the various aspects of the work and finally the formulation of specimen cases and the implementation of these cases as working models for the different professions aiming at improving the way these cases are handled. The principle investigator of the project and the PhD supervisor will be Associate Professor Katrine Zeuthen, Department of Psychology. Ideally, employment starts 1 September, 2018 although a later date might also be possible.  Deadline for applications is 1 May, 2018.  Requirements Applicants should have studied Psychology or Philosophy and must have completed a two year MSc degree program or have earned 120 ECTS credits at an equivalent academic level before starting the employment. Candidates should have an insight in the different fields of psychology, specifically clinical, personality, developmental and social psychology, and specific knowledge of and experience with psychoanalytic theories of sexuality will be assessed as a strength. Also the candidates should be familiar with theory of science as well as philosophy and history of science.  Furthermore, experience with theory development and the designing, conducting and analysis of interviews is an advantage.  Likewise professional experience with working with or in relation to children is advantageous. Due to the project’s grounding in the Danish praxis of handling cases of suspicions of child sexual abuse it is a requirement that the candidates speak and write Danish (as well as English). The application should include a cover/motivation letter (max 2 pages), CV, study certificates, own publications (if applicable; either as a first or co-author), the Master Thesis (if applicable), as well as the name and contact information of at least one reference. The application must be submitted electronically via the Job Portal of the University of Copenhagen (http://employment.ku.dk). The University of Copenhagen wishes to reflect the surrounding society, and invites all qualified applicants, regardless of personal background, to apply for the position.   The candidate will be enrolled as PhD student at the Faculty of Social Sciences (see the rules of the Danish Ministerial order No 1039 of August 27th 2013), completing the PhD program as a three year full-time study within the framework of the 5+3 study program (see http://samf.ku.dk/phd-skolen/english). PhD students are paid salary in accordance with the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC). PhD students have a work obligation of up to 840 hours over the 3-year period without additional pay. The work obligation can include teaching (typically, not more than two semesters within a 3-year period).   Application process After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment by the Appointments Committee (shortlisting). All applicants are notified whether their application has been passed on for assessment or not by the end of May 2018 at the latest. The shortlisting will be based on the qualifications and knowledge in relevant aspects, as well as on the motivation of the applicants. Shortlisted applicants are notified of the composition of the assessment committee, and each applicant has the opportunity to comment on the part of the assessment that relates to the applicant her-/himself. You can read about the recruitment process at http://employement.ku.dk. ; Applicants who are invited for interviews will be contacted in the beginning of June 2018 at the latest.   Applications sent by regular mail or by email or received after the deadline will not be taken into account.  ]