[We are looking for a talented Medical Doctor with experience in clinical development. Join us and you will become part of a dynamic team that strives to develop better treatment options for people with obesity.About the departmentObesity Medical & Science is medically responsible for clinical development programmes within the Obesity area. The department is part of Global Development in Søborg, Denmark and consists of 13 MDs with different backgrounds. We are currently expanding to support Novo Nordisk’s exciting early phase obesity portfolio.The positionYour role will be Medical Specialist and we expect you to take a leading role on tasks, which include designing, conducting and closing clinical trials as well as reporting and communicating data. In addition, you will be collaborating with internal and external experts and taking part in investigator and authority meetings and interactions.Finally, as a medical specialist you are an important stakeholder in many teams and projects.The job is globally oriented requiring close collaboration with many colleagues across the Novo Nordisk organisation and across skill areas. Expected travel activity around 20 days per year.QualificationsWe are looking for candidates with experience in clinical development and/or interactions with health authorities. You must hold a university degree as a Medical Doctor. Moreover, you must have passed post-graduate internship followed by 2-5 years of clinical practice.We strongly prefer that you have documented research experience, preferably from a Ph.D. within an area related to our research.We expect that you are fluent in English and have excellent communication, coordination and planning capacities.We are an international organisation and will welcome local as well as non-local applicants. We have extensive experience in helping people move to Denmark and will support relocation.We put patients first and do not compromise on quality and expect you to do the same. We offer an inspiring and ambitious working environment with the flexibility that allows you to shape your own working day. We believe in innovation and focus to help us develop the next generations of treatments that matters to people with obesity.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we use our skills, dedication and ambition to help people with diabetes. We offer the chance to be part of a truly global work place, where passion and engagement are met with opportunities for professional and personal development.ContactFor further information, please contact Marie-Louise Hartoft-Nielsen at +45 3079 4102.Deadline2 April 2018.]