[Are you motivated by performing Quality Control (QC), data analysis, improving processes and IT tools to ensure high quality of complaint cases? Then you might be our new Complaint Quality control Associate.About the departmentThe Quality Control & Analysis department is located in the Qualified Person responsible for PharmacoVigilance (QPPV) Office within Global Safety in R&D. Global Safety is globally responsible for handling of adverse events, monitoring product safety, customer complaints and potential recalls in Novo Nordisk. Since employees in the department are situated in both Bagsværd and India, you will have the opportunity to work with our Indian colleagues as part of your daily job.The primary responsibility of the Quality Control & Analysis department is performing Quality Control of customer complaints and Adverse Events to ensure high data quality, product quality and to fulfil expectations from Regulatory Authorities worldwide. We perform trending and analysis based on QC data to identify training needs or need for procedure updates and we work closely with case entry departments to align and optimise case handling processes and procedures across Global Safety.The PositionYour key responsibility will be performing QC of customer complaint cases and perform trending and analysis based on QC data. You will take part in root cause analysis and identify solutions to ensure high data quality in collaboration with the case entry departments. You are expected to maintain and improve our IT tools and improve our work processes to ensure continuous QC process optimisation and excellent quality data deliverables.You are expected to develop and maintain a professional and good collaboration and relation with our stakeholders, both on employee and management level throughout Global Safety.QualificationsYou have a relevant background such as Nurse, Laboratory technician or similar.You preferably have experience handling complaints and you are familiar with a wide range of Novo Nordisk products.The role requires strong analytical skills, strong technical/IT skills and quality orientation, including the ability to focus on details and adherence to standards. You speak and write English fluently. You have excellent cooperation and communication skills and have the ability to drive your own responsibilities independently as well as being a team player working closely with your colleagues on common goals. You are motivated by continuous process and IT tool improvements and welcomes change.We offer an exciting job with lots of challenges among good colleagues in a positive, global and engaging working environment.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we strive for excellence. As a world leader in diabetes care and a major player in haemostasis management, growth hormone therapy and hormone replacement therapy, we offer our employees opportunities for continuous growth.ContactFor further information regarding the job, please contact Charlotte Manniche on +45 3075 3761.Deadline2 April 2018.]