[Would you like to manage global large-scale development projects focusing on optimising renewable hybrid power plant solutions? Can you leverage and lead complete development projects bringing them into production - while managing your highly diverse stakeholders? And are you passionate about creating synergies across the entire value chain and product life cycle? Then check out this opportunity to join the global leader in wind energy! The position is located in Aarhus, Denmark. Vestas Power Solutions / Platform ManagementThe Plant Platform team, consisting of Senior Project Managers and Senior Product Leads, operate across Vestas Power Solutions (VPS), interfacing and cooperating with the entire Vestas value chain. To strengthen our focus on optimising synergy between Wind Power Plant Products we need a senior profile with skills within product development and inter system optimisation.It is our responsibility to execute Wind Power Plant Product Development Projects as well as supporting putting these into production world-wide. Our main focus is to create and optimise the synergy between all elements in a Wind Power Plant. The projects are executed in cooperation with service, manufacturing, sourcing and other relevant value chain functions. The projects are initiated, executed and completed in phases, and are governed by their business case. The wind Power Plant projects include supporting the Product Management function.We are part of the Platform Management whose main functions are leading Product Design & Development, Wind Power Plant projects, Project Management and Portfolio Planning for Product Development, and Platform Management (2MW, 4MW, 8MW and Plant Platforms).ResponsibilitiesYour main areas will be to:

Take responsibility for initiating, planning and executing Wind Power Plant Products projects   
Negotiate resources and project governance with management for functional areas delivering to the project
Establish and maintain budgets regarding resource needs and project cost
Lead and drive activities and projects where a need for technical involvement is required - including close engagement with Product Management, Sourcing and Engineering functions 
Map technology of Wind Power Plant together with Product Management and relevant Technology department
Qualifications

You hold a B.Sc. or M.Sc. in Engineering combined with a commercial education or - experience, relevant for executing product development projects with a strong business case focus. 
You have 5+ years' experience in managing large technical projects
You have proven experience in managing project teams or departments in international organisations.
CompetenciesIn addition to strong project management experience, the position requires people management skills as well as business understanding. It is vital that you are a clear communicator, and able to cooperate with people at all organisational levels. The ideal candidate possesses the following personality and competencies:  

You have proven experience within project management and Stage Gate Model and/or agile philosophy
You have solid experience from complex, long-lived, capital intensive products from the wind industry or similar
You have strong business acumen as well as customer and market understanding
You have a pro-active and extrovert personality and can lead your surroundings with your good communication and stakeholder management 
You have a proven track record in change management, and can motivate employees through transition
You are a strong networker and able to build, develop and maintain relationships with internal and external partners in a global environment
You have a high degree of flexibility and work independent 
You are an excellent communicator with excellent English skills
What we offerWe offer a challenging workplace with excellent professional and personal development opportunities in an inspiring, international work environment with the world’s leading wind turbine manufacturer.The department places high focus on a relaxed working environment where professional skills can be developed and enhanced.Additional informationThe work location will be Aarhus Denmark and travel activities should be expected.  For additional information about the position please contact Vice President, Martin Kirk at tel. +45 2086 4943.About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
 
 
Job Engineering and R&DPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Aarhus N
 
Unposting Date Ongoing]