[Do you enjoy being challenged by a client’s IT setup and do you feel a high degree of satisfaction when you have fixed all problems and the product performs at its best after the installation? Then Omada is the place for you.
Your challenges as an Infrastructure ConsultantOmada provides Identity Management and Access Governance solutions for enterprises across the world.. Our solutions are installed, configured, custom-coded, and integrated into the customers’ IT-landscape to secure that the customers have controlled access to their critical data. The solutions are implemented on-premises in the customer’s infrastructure.
Your assignment will be to get the platform for our solution in place, making sure that every setup is configured correctly and performs well so that we can load data into our solution. Our solution is based on Microsoft technologies, but because the customers’ infrastructure can be based on many different technologies, this challenges your skills within servers, databases, AD, networks, and firewalls.
You will be part of the Danish team, which covers projects primarily within Scandinavia. The job may require some traveling activities, primarily across the Scandinavian region. .
Danish as well as English language skills are required.
Your qualifications and experienceYou have at least 3 years of experience within infrastructure technologies, and you have a solid knowledge of Microsoft Server, AD, MS SQL, networks, and firewalls. Knowledge of IIS and PowerShell scripting is an advantage but not a requirement.
As a person, you have a sharp mind and can easily grasp many different type of technologies. You are a problem solver, and can pinpoint where errors occur through a structured approach to the issue at hand. At the same time, you are a good communicator, who can collaborate with the customers’ infrastructure team and make it clear to them what they have to do and what Omada will do.
We are a fast growing and ambitious companyAt Omada, we are experts in cybersecurity, taking our customers by the hand, helping them to take identity and access management to the next level. We offer you the opportunity to work with passionate, competent people, experts within their field, in an informal and agile organization with a flat structure. We thrive on being challenged and everything we do is anchored in our core values of ambition, teamwork, constant care, and creating value.
We are a dynamic and ambitious high growth international IT software company, headquartered in Denmark, with people in six locations across Europe and the US, and last year alone, we hired close to 100 people.
ContactFor further information, please contact Senior Recruitment and HR Manager, Stefan Buus on +45 3122 6211.
Deadline
31 March 2018.]