[Are you ready to utilize your strong procurement skills and experience in Vestas Global Sourcing? Do you possess a high drive and a 'can-do' mindset? If yes, this role might be the right opportunity for you. Global Procurement Towers, Castings & Blades (TCB) BladesVestas Global Procurement is overall responsible for all supply chain management activities within Vestas Wind System A/S, including Leading Cross Functional Commodity Teams, negotiations, cost out initiatives, Commodity Strategy Development and Implementation, quality and delivery performance, supplier relationship management and Supplier Account Management.The commodity for which the Senior Purchaser is needed is Chemicals. This Area consists of +30 suppliers with a 3 digit million EUR Spend per year. The commodity is globally responsible from the entire Chemicals used in our Blades Production which is an essential module of the Wind Turbine.ResponsibilitiesYou will lead key initiatives in Global Procurement focused on supply chain optimization. Working closely with the Commodity Team and key stakeholders you will: 

Optimize the current supply base including the cost base. 
Ensure Best in Class Performance and Supply Chain Setup
Become a dedicated part of the Commodity Team, working across different business units within Vestas and providing input to and implementation of the commodity strategies 
Drive continuous improvement programs both internally and at the suppliers with special focus on cost saving initiative, supplier optimization and component standardization. 
Ensure adherence to KPI’s set by Global Procurement in regards to safety, quality, cost, delivery, innovation and sustainability.
Participate in selection, qualification, negotiation and contracting with suppliers within the commodity 
QualificationsThe successful candidate:

Relevant educational background with a degree in either Supply Chain Management, Finance/Accounting, Sales/Marketing or Engineering 
Minimum 5 years of work experience within Strategic Purchasing preferably with Chemicals
Excellent communication skills including fluent English skills (both orally and in writing) 
Must be advanced within PPT, Excel & Word 
A strong analytical, structured and fact based approach
A strong leader and influencer with the ability to bring people together
CompetenciesTo succeed in this role, you must:

Have a high drive and a natural curiosity
Have an open approach to encourage stakeholder inputs and a structured and fact-based approach to secure ideas are prioritized and implemented
Be a team player and persistent to secure the successful implementation of the initiatives you lead 
Furthermore, we are looking for a candidate with:A holistic and positive mindset: you're able to see the big picture from Vestas product offerings towards customers, and the ability to connect these to supplier offerings and how they can positively impact Vestas sales and cost out programs.You are not afraid to challenge the status quo!What we offerWe offer you an exciting and challenging job with excellent opportunities for professional and personal development within the leading company in wind energy. You will be provided with a unique opportunity to set your foot prints within an essential area in Vestas. You will be an integral part of an international team, with a ‘can-do’ attitude and who are keen to make a difference.Additional informationYour primary work location will be in Lem, Denmark, however a location in Aarhus, Denmark is also possible if commuting frequent is a possibility.Travel to suppliers and key stakeholders expected to be approximately 30-40 days per year.For additional information about the position please contact Martin Kjærbo, VP Global Procurement Blades tlf. +45 52 21 13 28About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels. 
Job Supply Chain ManagementPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Lem 
Unposting Date Ongoing]