[Norwegian speaking Fraud Monitoring Consultant in a 24-7 setup
 
Want to be a part of our great Fraud Monitoring team in Nets?
 
Our main task is to support customers in minimizing losses in relation to third party fraud with payment cards.
 
Working hours will be 30 hours per week, 4 days a week, during day hours. The contract will be adjusted to a 24/7 setup, meaning that working hours can be day, evening and night – including weekends and public holidays. But this will rarely be needed.
 
Nets Fraud Management is one of Europe’s leading Fraud Management units engaged in detecting and investigating criminal activity on payment card products. The Fraud Monitoring team is part of the ‘Fraud and Dispute Services’ department in Nets A/S and we are a total of 22 employees in the Monitoring team with office located in Ballerup, Denmark.
 
Want to be our new colleague and fill in an important role?
 
Your key responsibilities in this role will be:

Monitoring of payment card transactions; assessing whether certain transaction patterns are genuine or fraudulent
Blocking and replacing payment cards
Administrative tasks related to fraud; handling inbound & outbound calls and mails
Optimizing business procedures
Contact to external customers and to internal and international stakeholders
Project related tasks and other ad hoc tasks.
 
We are looking for talents with ambitions – and passion for what they are doing!
 
Your professional qualifications include:

You master Norwegian and English in both speech and writing and are conversant with the Nordic languages
If you are fluent in Danish as well this is an advantage but not a prerequisite
Ability to analyse and interpret larger amounts of data
You are familiar with Microsoft Office (Excel and Word).
 
Your personal qualifications include:

You have a positive mind-set and are a pronounced team player
You have a sense for details and have good analytical skills
You are highly service-oriented
You are committed, flexible and indeed willing to pitch in when needed
You possess good communication skills, both verbally and in writing
You are able to work independently and structured
You seek improvement opportunities and bring new ideas forward
You have a high stress threshold.
 
 
Your career driven by curiosity and customer insights
 
At Nets, we are working towards realising a one-company approach to development, innovation and doing business, where you’ll be encouraged to think across borders and business areas to find new ways of merging our products, new technologies and market trends into innovative new solutions. We want to attract, develop and engage the best talent, which means that at Nets, you’ll be working with colleagues across the Nordics. Whether it is innovation or operation that makes you tick, our company structure allows you to build your own career and grow in a business that encompasses all aspects of the digital payment value chain. We work in a thriving environment characterized by team play and informality and with plenty of social activities within sports, culture and social network.
 
Please send your application right now and at the latest at 23.03.2018
 
If you are interested in hearing more about this opportunity please contact Dennis Erichsen, +4521264418, deric@nets.eu]