[Would you like to be an integral part of Maersk Drilling´s Well Control Equipment Technical and Governance Team?  As Team Lead for Well Control Equipment your main focus will be budgeting, planning and executing five year maintenance. You will work closely with the company’s operations, maintenance materials and procurement teams where you will be inputting and developing strategies to ensure Maersk Drilling maintains inspection compliance with minimal impact to operations.   
We Offer  
The WCE department is part of Maersk Drillings Technical function and our vision is to be the best in class in BOP performance. We support our fleet operations with all WCE matters providing technical solutions, strategies and procedures to ensure we remain best in class.  You will report to the Head of Well Control Equipment where you will manage the Jack-Up fleets five year project scopes. This role entails oversight of inspection dates, budget planning, planning the work scope and execution, also follow up to ensure the master data is aligned in the management system is a pertinent role of the position. Collaboration and communication with rig project managers, global inventory management and maintenance and materials departments is key to success for this role.  You will also be expected to build relationships with our key suppliers (OEMs) and represent the company within various external associations such as API, IADC, and IOGP.  This role is based in Copenhagen where you will work in a dynamic team delivering cost effective solutions to our operations and customers. 
Key Responsibilities  

Continually improve the way Maersk Drilling manages and maintains 5 year maintenance of well control equipment with ever changing oil landscape in mind
Input and maintain knowledge of relevant rules, regulations and standards.
Maintain oversight of major inspection due dates for Jack-Up fleet
Produce budgets for planned major inspections
Prepare purchase specifications, inspection and test plans for new and overhaul equipment for internal review
Plan, execute and record the work scope, ensure management system reflects work carried out  
Liaise with your assigned Overhaul and Repair resources and suppliers to ensure equipment is returned as per specifications
Support and collaborate with other Maersk Drilling teams such as Operations and Maintenance & Materials  
  Who are we looking for?   The ideal candidate has:   

At a minimum, a Bachelor’s degree, preferably in Engineering  
In-depth knowledge pertaining to the operation and maintenance of BOPs and related equipment  
Previous experience with well control equipment  
Knowledge of industry rules and regulations  
Project planning experience  
The ability to apply Lean methodologies to the function  
 Furthermore, you:  

Are a team player with strong communication skills with other departments  
Take a proactive approach and you are seen as a visible driving force  
Are a pragmatic individual with attention to detail and strong decision making and problem solving skills  
Possess strong interpersonal skills, written and verbal communication  
Are computer literate and able to produce high quality procedures, reports and documents using Office  ]