[Would you like to work in a cutting-edge industry where truly innovative and meaningful audio solutions help millions of end users solve their struggles with hearing? Do you crave a company culture where your voice is heard and where you will be challenged and are expected to challenge others? Are you eager to help us on our ongoing mission to transform our customers’ lives with our pioneering products and services? At GN Store Nord, we empower our end users to hear more, do more and be more than they ever thought possible.As a member of the GN team, you will play a pivotal role in streamlining the way we work and evolving our ability to excel in marketing and sales globally. To do this, we ask that you bring strong business analysis skills and a thorough commercial understanding. We offer an attractive compensation package and a good place to work, including on-site fitness facilities and an array of other services.Commercial Analysis, Global MarketingWithin the Global Marketing Department, our Insights & Analytics Team is looking for a Commercial Business Analyst. The Insights & Analytics Team consists of a group of analysts, who are focused on pricing, market research, competitor intelligence, digital analysis, business analysis and commercial analysis. The Commercial Business Analyst will be responsible for the following:Responsibilities:• Managing and further sophisticating our valuation model, which provides global commercial market and portfolio understanding. The model is a key part of our business case process and roadmap optimization.• Monitoring and reporting quarterly on market, market shares and sales development. The reports support a range of stakeholders, including the Global Marketing Management group, brand and product teams, Investor Relation and Group Management Team.• Reporting on monthly sales performance based on analysis of various data sources, including the sales dashboard, launch dashboard and market model. These findings along with commercial evaluations are presented and communicated to the brand and product teams and to the Group Management Team. • Developing and applying market insights to pinpoint and evaluate business opportunities/threats.• Contributing to the development of innovate ways to analyze and maintain our analyses and models. This will require getting acquainted with and drawing from various data inputs, including customer data, pricing data, primary and secondary market research data and market data in general.• Joining and collaborating with an analytical network across the headquarters and subsidiaries. Key stakeholders will include Global Marketing, Affiliates, Sales regions, Commercial Excellence and Finance.Do you have what it takes to make GN Hearing even more successful?• You have a Master’s in Finance, Marketing, Economics or similar area. • You have min. three years of experience in a business analysis function on subsidiary and/or HQ level and have worked with data generation, complex data structuring and complex data analysis.• You are a true expert in Excel and have a proven track record in setting up comprehensive analysis.• You have a proven capability in working with Navision and/or SAP and you have experience in using Salesforce.com for reporting will be a strong advantage.• You are experienced in managing key stakeholders in sales subsidiaries. Having corporate management and project management across countries will be a strong advantage.• You are driven by a “customer first” and business value attitude and are capable of linking tasks and deliverables to customer and/or commercial benefit.• You are continuously eager to understand and question data and are always searching for improvement areas.• You possess strong analytical skills and can transform complex business structure into simple data tools and analysis, which you can communicate a clear and concise manner.• You are valued by the team, are a structured planner, are diligent in meeting deadlines and take on deliverables with a “can do” and “can improve” attitude.• You possess solid written and verbal communication and presentation skills – at least in English.Would you like to know more?If this excellent opportunity has caught your attention and you wish to apply, please forward a short cover letter with your motivation for applying along with your resume. For further information, please contact:Tine Løkkegaard Bach, Commercial Analyst, Global Marketing, +45 2921 8353Applications will be assessed continuously until the right candidate is found so please send your application as soon as possible.GN Hearing People with hearing loss are at the heart of everything we do. ReSound® hearing aids help people feel more involved, connected and in control. In an ever-smarter world, we think big and challenge the norm so that we can transform lives through the power of sound. ]