[Are you thrived by taking your theoretic knowledge? Can you conform it into a producable blade which can deliver power to the whole world. And at the same time minimise our CO2 outlet, and make our world more environmentally friendly. Then our position as Blade Specialist/Engineer in Lem is probably you.  Industrialisation New Product Introduction NPI BladesExperience the forces of wind - Join Vestas and work with cutting-edge wind technology!  As one of the world leaders in wind power solutions with wind turbine installations in over 65 countries and more than 20,000 employees globally, Vestas looks to accelerate innovation through the development of our employees' skills and talents. Our goal is to reduce CO2 emissions dramatically and ensure a sustainable world for future generations.The role of NPI Blades (New Product Introduction) is to ensure that products under development are introduced to our blade factories by delivering the prototypes and all related production documentation for running production.The main focus is to support new product introduction by reviewing documentation from the Vestas Power Solution function, map risks and secure to have them facilitated, building prototypes and support running production as NPI bridge in between Manufacturing and Vestas Power Solution in regards to the product.The tasks are cross-functional, and require R&D knowledge as well as operational knowledge, together with good project management skills and engineering skills into Blades Manufacturing.QualificationsRequired qualifications:

Relevant engineering degree – preferably  B.Sc. or M.Sc. degree in Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical or Extended Marine Engineer 
Minimum 5 years of experience in related positions
Good knowledge within blade manufacturing processes and factory setups
Good knowledge within manufacturability of new products, with special focus on blades manufacturing
Blades Manufacturing Process

General blades manufacturing prepreg and infusion(understand how materials interact with process and tools in blades manufacturing.)
Mechanical knowledge:

Ability to review and understand mechanical design and systems(on a VERY HIGH level, you need to understand the structure of a blade as well as understanding the mechanical system in a wind turbine, and how the mechanical system interacts with other systems.
Electrical knowledge:

Ability to review and understand electrical control systems.(on a VERY HIGH level, you need to understand the electrical system in a wind turbine, and how the electrical system interacts with other systems.)
CompetenciesYou have excellent manufacturing skills, insights/experiences. You have the ability to define concepts and implement these in close collaboration with the business.You have knowledge with engineering change management system and ERP system.Personal skills: 

You have a very strong collaborative approach towards the stakeholders
You are focused on solving the problem and challenges, and at the same time you firmly follow the agreed plan and concept
You have a very structured approach when you work with projects and concepts and you are capable of visualizing a complex solution
You have strong communicative skills
You are fluent in English, both in writing and verbally
You have an outgoing personality with the skills to facilitate and to lead development in all areas of an organisation
What we offerWe offer a challenging environment with the possibilities to be involved in new product development and being in the driver's seat when we secure a flawless ramp for New Product Introduction.Additional informationPrimary work locations: Lem, DenmarkJourneys abroad will be part of this job during implementation and build of prototypes and mock-ups. Approximately 30 days per year. For additional information on the position, please contact Director Jørn Dalsgaarad Pedersen at +45 2969 1644About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
Job MaterialsPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Lem
Unposting Date Ongoing]