[Are you an ambitious and visionary engineer with outstanding knowledge about industrial CE&I (Control, Electrical and Instrumentation) systems design and operation, who wants to be part of the modularisation and roll-out of our Renescience waste treatment technology and industrial biogas plants globally?
 
Join us and become Product Line Manager for CE&I in our Projects department in New Bio Solutions (NBS) which is responsible for pursuing new growth within bioenergy. As the CE&I Product Line Manager, you'll be responsible for defining the development roadmap for CE&I Product Line in close cooperation with fellow product lines and other stakeholders.
 
Towards Asset Projects, you'll responsible for delivering modularised and standardised CE&I systems basic design packages and supporting the project team throughout design, construction and commissioning phases.  
 
Your key tasks will be to

develop technical and commercial roadmaps for CE&I Product Line and own all module-based business case input assumptions, fact base and development lever data within the Product Line
continuously update and deliver basic design packages to Asset Projects through knowledge sharing and teamwork with partners from other departments (Technology, Operations, and Procurement)
secure interface alignment between modules within CE&I Product Line as well as with other product lines and ensure close coordination with important stakeholders (Technology, Sales, Procurement and Operations)
evaluate, select and follow up with suppliers in cooperation with Procurement for sourcing of standard plant layout and modules that fulfil QHSE requirements and secure documentation of basic design packages
take on technical management, approving, supporting and coaching roles for your Product Line and Module Group teams on daily basis.
 
Your competences include that you

have an electrical engineering degree or similar and a strategic mindset
have proven know-how in automation and CE&I systems, experience with modularisation is an advantage
are experienced in managing complex projects, able to create good relationships with internal and external stakeholders and thrive in an international environment. Experience as design manager for industrial plant is an advantage
have a proactive and systematic approach to your work tasks and strong time management skills
speak and write English fluently.
 
Working at Ørsted
 
To be the frontrunner in the green energy transformation, we invest significantly in innovation and empower our employees to help shape the renewable energy technologies of the future. We cultivate a collaborative, dynamic and diverse work environment and encourage career-long learning and development so our people can realise their full potential.
 
Would you like to help shape the renewable technologies of the future?
 
Send your application to us as soon as possible and no later than 9 April 2018 at 18:00 CET, as we'll be conducting interviews on a continuous basis.
 
Please don't hesitate to contact Ningling Rao, Head of Product Line & Engineering, by telephone on +45 99 55 84 04, or Tove Feld, Head of Projects, by telephone on +45 99 55 75 92 if you'd like to know more about the position.
 
Please note that for your application to be taken into consideration, you must submit your application via our online career pages.
 
You should expect some travelling in relation to your work.
 
About Ørsted
 
Headquartered in Denmark, Ørsted's 5,600 employees develop, construct and operate offshore wind farms, bioenergy plants and innovative waste-to-energy solutions and provide smart energy products to its customers. Ørsted Bioenergy & Thermal Power's 800 employees ensure that we have the world's most flexible and efficient biomass-fired power stations, and we're developing, constructing and operating new green waste-to-energy solutions. For more information on Ørsted, visit Ørsted.com.]