[Do you want to be responsible for global datacenter services in the core of one of the most dynamic and innovative companies in the renewal energy sector? Then you might be the future Director to head our core infrastructure organisation in User Productivity & Digital Foundation (UPDF), Global IT.Management - Vestas CEO - Finance - Global IT - User Productivity & Digital FoundationGlobal IT enable business units within Vestas Wind Systems A/S with IT services and offerings. With reference to the Group CFO, Global IT is responsible for everything from IT strategy, business engagement and requirements gathering to project implementations, infrastructure operations, service integration between vendors, and end user support.User Productivity & Digital Foundation (UPDF) is the department in Global IT that designs and develops infrastructure services and ensures enhancements throughout the lifecycle.Global IT has a vision to become a more business oriented IT function with high focus on value creation. For this vision to come true Vestas needs a stable and reliable data center services as a foundation for all other IT services. As a Director Core Infrastructure in UPDF you are responsible to develop and maintain a datacenter infrastructure together with a talented and hardworking team of architects. The team defines strategies, roadmaps, portfolios and budgets to facilitate the continued development and modernisation of the datacenter infrastructure (servers, storage, backup, IaaS, virtualisation etc.). As a director you are responsible for investments, projects and business satisfaction. Data Center operations is outsourced to an external partner. Responsibilities

Be and inspirational and efficient leader for the team of architects (global presence)
Interact and liase with senior business stakeholders to manage expectations and support business strategies
Accountable for the full portfolio of datacenter offerings towards the business with respect to performance, new developments, cost, support and maintainability.
Accountable for all levels of architecture & design to create optimal platform for business development and innovation.
Accountable for efficient execution of investment programmers and project portfolios within the datacenter area 
Accountable for the integration of datacenter services into alternate IT offerings delivered by Global IT
Accountable for sourced services and deliveries from outsourcing partners and ensure sourcing models are matured.
Be a trusted and engaged colleague for peers in UPDF management and Global IT management.
Being actively responsible and accountable for driving the data center delivery models, technology and commercial conditions regarding data center sourcing and hosting.
Having the commercial understanding and technical capability to influence and provide active input on how data center services are sourced.
Responsible and accountable for driving a strategic approach in terms of how core infrastructure project proposals, funding, roadmaps and benefit realization are anchored within Vestas.
Being responsible for transitioning existing infrastructure into a cloud future with more agile delivery models, where relevant.
Qualifications

You have a Master degree in IT/ Business Administration / Engineering (or similar) technical
You have extensive Senior management experience (+10 years).
Extensive international leadership experience combining technology driven projects in an interface with the commercial business driven agenda. 
Management experience (+7 years) in an international setting, leading and advising highly specialized technology experts, being able to understand the challenges from a technological aspect.
Experience (+7years) with transforming business requirement and technology challenges into business benefits on a global scale.
You manage global teams efficiently and understand cultural diversity
You have extensive (+7 years) experience in managing global roadmaps and project portfolios.
Competencies

Strong technical mindset, understanding complex technical matters; specifically, technical insights into datacenter solutions specifically and IT infrastructure in general.
Strong project management DNA; derived from global experience heading complex projects with major global business impact. 
Having an analytical, structured and methodological mindset.
Capable of setting goals, but also being a corporate team player and at the same time being a strong an inspirational leader.
Being very experienced and having strong presentation skills; comfortable presenting for senior management, as well as in steering committee meetings.
Proven ability to deliver above average results (+8 years) in a global setting.
What we offerWe offer the opportunity to lead the technology transformation of a datacentre global infrastructure. You will interact broadly with IT, business units and outsourcing partners on a global scale. All in all, a unique platform for developing Vestas as a business and developing personally.Additional informationThe job is based in Aarhus, Denmark. Travel to Vestas sites globally is required and you expect around 30 days of travel activity. If you have any further question, please contact Morten Duus, Vice President, User Productivity & Digital Foundation at +45 4044 1444.About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
 
 
Job Information TechnologyPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Aarhus N
 
Unposting Date Ongoing]