[Do you have what it takes to work in a challenging and dynamic environment? Do you have HSE experience? Then consider joining Maersk Drilling as an HSE Administrator supporting our North Sea Operations. 
We Offer
The HSE Administrator supports the Rig Managers of multiple rigs in delivering a safe operation in compliance with Maersk Drilling requirements, local and international legislation, and industry standards.   
You will be a part of our onshore rig teams of skilled professionals.   
You will be placed in the frontline of our drilling operation and have  frequent contact with our offshore employees and clients.   
It is a local position based in Lyngby, Denmark.   
You will be part of a truly international company with our employees representing 65 nationalities. Our strong focus on diversity is a natural outcome of a company with a strong talent focus, mindset and culture. This goes hand in hand with a commitment to inclusion: all employees are valued and treated with respect at all times and we believe that our employees thrives and performs better with a  healthy work-life balance.  
Key Responsibilities
Your key responsibilities will be to:  

Create good contact and ensure compliance with local industry, client and authority representatives to ensure alignment of HSE objectives  
Identify potential and actual areas of improvement and assist in setting and formulating goals and tools to their achievement  
Deliver and promote new and existing HSE training and campaigns provided by HQ  
Monitor quality of data entered in our safety systems  
Assist and conduct accident investigations on QMHSE and follow up on remedial actions  
Assist in evaluation of internal and external reports concerning safety, for emerging trends and lessons learned  
Promote the use of Maersk Drilling management systems and ensure relevant requirements are implemented  
Prepare and conduct internal and external presentations to promote company policies  
Assist in the conduct of formal risk assessments and analysis  
Perform assessments to measure the safety culture in the rig organization, e.g. work environment  
Daily support to the rigs regarding safety and working environment issues 
Who we are looking for
We imagine that you have at least a Bachelors degree within an HSE related area.   
Preferably, you have relevant experience with regulatory and government HSE authorities, either directly or from a similar role where you have been in regular contact with the authorities and have obtained knowledge of international and national HSE legislation.   
We are looking for a team player who is confident with driving and delivering results in cooperation with colleagues and external parties across Maersk Drilling.   
You have a results oriented approach to your work, and you possess excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication, and presentation skills.   
You are proficient in HSE Management Systems and fluent in English.   
It is not a prerequisite that your HSE experience comes from the offshore drilling industry.   
You must be able to travel on short notice and for indefinite periods of time. You can expect 20-30 days of travel per year.   
We only receive applications submitted via the "Apply for position" button on the job ad. Applications submitted to the contact below will not be reviewed.  
For further information, please contact: Associate Recruitment Partner, Diana Orca, diana.orca@maerskdrilling.com.]