[A PhD position is available at the Department of Bio and Health Informatics (DTU Bioinformatics) at the Technical University of Denmark within the area of Cancer Metagenomics / Bioinformatics / Systems biology. DTU Bioinformatics has its main research and teaching activities in bio-medical and bio-technological informatics, metagenomics, epidemiology, quantitative genomics, integrative systems biology and machine learning. The research involves the use of vast amount of phenotypic, clinical, environmental, biological, biotechnological and multi-omic information in humans, animals, plants and microbes. We run projects combining big data and laboratory research via the national supercomputing center or Computerome and the molecular genomics laboratories. Responsibilities and tasks The PhD student will primarily be working on human cancer (Myeloproliferative Neoplasms) and metabolic syndrome utilizing multi-omic datasets (including NGS genomic datasets), treatment data and clinical outcomes. The PhD project will focus on Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPNs) in various Danish cohorts, with a special focus on understanding the relationship between genetic, gene expression and microbiota differences and their role in responses to cancer Immune Therapy of Patients with MPNs (e.g. using IFN, Rux, statins). Next generation sequencing based multi-omic data integration, mathematical modelling and bioinformatics analysis will lead to more precise patient-disease stratification and deeper understanding of molecular pathways related to MPN and other comorbidities such as Type 2 Diabetes and Atherosclerosis. The primary role is in Big-omics data integration, modelling and bioinformatics / computational analyses that lead to development of personalized medicine / treatment strategies for MPNs and biomarker development. Publication of research findings in international conferences and peer-reviewed journals is expected. The main PhD supervisor at DTU Bioinformatics is Professor Haja Kadarmideen with Associate Professor Lars Rønn Olsen as co-supervisor. The PhD student will work very closely with Professor Hans Hasselbalch, Head of Research, Department of Hematology, Zealand University Hospital, Roskilde/Køge and with the wider MPN Elite Research Consortium, consisting of several clinical professors and hospitals including Professor Torben Kruse (NGS studies) and Professor Mads Hald Andersen (immune cell studies) and Associate Professor Christina Ellervik (epidemiological studies in the Næstved Cohort). Qualifications Candidates should hold a master?s degree in bioinformatics or computational biology or systems biology or quantitative genomics or similar, preferably applied to humans. The candidate must have strong computational skills and experience with Unix/Linux command line environments, R programming, either Perl or Python or a comparable scripting language. Candidates must have academic training (or) experience with Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) data analysis. Experience or training in bioinformatics and computational systems biology applied to human cancers will be a plus. The applicant must be a good communicator and strong in written as well as spoken English. Approval and Enrolment The scholarship for the PhD degree are subject to academic approval, and the candidates will be enrolled in one of the general degree programmes of DTU. For information about the general requirements for enrolment and the general planning of the scholarship studies, please see the DTU PhD Guide: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/PhD/Rules/PhDguide. Assessment The candidate will be assessed on essential and desirable criteria by an assessment panel. We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 3 years. Further information Further information may be obtained from the Head of Department and Group leader Professor Haja Kadarmideen at +45 4525 2477, or by email: director@bioinformatics.dtu.dk. You can read more about DTU Bioinformatics at http://www.bioinformatics.dtu.dk/english. Please do not send applications to this e-mail address, instead apply online as described below. Application Please submit your online application no later than 23 March 2018. Applications must be submitted as one pdf file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online," fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one pdf file. The file must include: • A letter motivating the application (cover letter) • Curriculum vitae • Grade transcripts and BSc/MSc diploma • Excel sheet with translation of grades to the Danish grading system (see guidelines and excel spreadsheet here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/phd/Applicant/Pre_acceptance-1-) • Names and contact details of two referees Candidates may apply prior to obtaining their master's degree, but cannot begin before having received it. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Bioinformatics has its main research and teaching activities in bio-medical and bio-technological informatics, metagenomics, epidemiology, quantitative genomics, integrative systems biology, artificial intelligence and machine learning. The research involves the use of vast amounts of phenotypic, clinical, environmental, biological and multi-omic information in humans, animals, plants and microbes. We run projects combining big data and laboratory research via the national supercomputing center or Computerome and the molecular genomics laboratories. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]