[Student assistant (research) for Department of Economics at CBSWorking as a Student Assistant at ECON
At the Department of Economics we regard it a central task to explain what motivates decision-makers, how economic institutions are — or should be — designed, and whether the interaction between institutional design and motivation leads to an efficient or optimal outcome from society's point of view. Our research is often related to specific challenges facing different organizations. We are looking for a student assistant to support our research and work 10 -15 hours per week, but there is a large degree of flexibility, including during exam periods.Specific for this position:
For this specific position we are a seeking a student assistant to work on a series of projects with a major focus on a large-scale data-based project on FDI spill-overs. Other projects are within fields such as predictive modeling, empirical modeling of public procurement data and immigration and health. Common for all projects are, that they are empirical projects that require a lot of work with setting up and cleaning of data bases and also econometric analyses of the data once they are ready for this. The ideal candidate will have competences within handling of databases and within applied econometric analysis. The position runs until the beginning of 2019.As a student assistant at ECON, smaller ad hoc tasks may occur.
For more information please contact professor Lisbeth la Cour (llc.eco@cbs.dk)
When occupying the vacancies, we prioritize e.g.:

Knowledge of statistics and/or econometrics and experience of working with large databases.
Experience with statistical software such as Stata, SAS and/or R
Experience from previous occupation
Grades achievedSalary and employment conditions
Employment will be according to the overall salary and employment agreement between the Danish Union of Commercial and Clerical Employees and the Ministry of Finance.
Salary is between 116 and 122 DKK per hour depending on former occupation and education level. Pension contributions of 10.65 per cent are paid after 9 months of occupation within the public sector or if you have previously had a labor market pension agreement.
It is a prerequisite for employment that you are a student enrolled at an institution in higher education.Application
You apply by emailing your application letter to reception.eco@cbs.dk with your CV and a grade transcript enclosed, no later than April 18 2018.]