[Do you want to create cutting-edge software and modern data management systems that are used in development, manufacturing and service of our products? Do you want to work in a project-oriented and agile development culture? The GN Group is a global leader in intelligent audio solutions that let you hear more, do more and be more than you ever thought possible. Our unique portfolio of medical, professional & consumer audio solutions – and the deep research & development expertise behind this range of products gives our brands unprecedented advantages in the med-tech, hearables and intelligent audio field.You will work in our Global Manufacturing Organization in GN Hearing in a team of highly specialized people of diverse competences working across our global organization.Give life to our solutions through excellent software developmentYou have analytic and agile skills that combined with your experience make you an excellent contributor to all software development phases, from idea generation, development, until release and support. You take responsibility for your deliveries and proper alignment with team members and other people in the organization.You have a mindset to outperform especially within Microsoft .Net, SQL databases, service-oriented and cloud-based systems. You have knowledge of agile and lean software development, knowledge of design patterns, and best practices of designing well-structured code. This, combined with experience with agile methodologies, TDD/ATDD will secure innovative and effective solutions to the software system in general as well as to the specified features and assure high quality implementation of these. Do you have what it takes to make GN Hearing even more successful? As a person, you respect and enjoy building good relations with the project team members and you have a proactive approach to communicating with others. You are a team player with a good sense of humor and enjoy sharing your positive spirit with others. Accomplishing difficult tasks and being able to make a difference motivates you. Your innovative, creative and structured approach to problem solving will make you a valued team player. Your DNA includes solutions of high quality. With your analytical approach and mind-set, you find yourself creating solutions a bit out of the ordinary. Would you like to know more? If the position has caught your attention and you wish to apply, please forward a cover letter with your motivation for applying along with your resume. For further information please contact Jesper Thaysen, Senior Director, Head of Global Manufacturing Organization, +45 24 79 12 74. We plan to conduct interviews as soon as relevant candidates have been identified so please do not hesitate to apply.GN Hearing People with hearing loss are at the heart of everything we do. ReSound® hearing aids help people feel more involved, connected and in control. In an ever-smarter world, we think big and challenge the norm so that we can transform lives through the power of sound. Available exclusively through audiologists and hearing care professionals. ReSound is part of The GN Group – pioneering great sound from world-leading ReSound hearing aids to Jabra office headsets and sports headphones. Founded in 1869, employing over 5,000 people, and listed on Nasdaq OMX Copenhagen, GN makes life sound better. ]