[The SDU Robotics section at The Maersk Mc-Kinney Møller Institute at University of Southern Denmark (SDU) in Odense invites applications for open positions in robotics related to Industry 4.0 and Smart production, at the levels of full professor, associate professor and tenured assistant professor.
Candidates are required to have a proven research record in at least one of the following fields:

Modeling and Simulation of Automated Systems and Production Processes
Planning and Programming of Industrial (Multi)-Robot Platforms
Human-Robot Interaction for Industrial Applications
Industry 4.0 Machine-to-machine Communication and Data Analytics
Successful candidates preferable also have documented project experience with solutions for:

End-to-end Integration
Databases and Service Oriented Architectures
Augmented and Virtual Reality
Sensor Fusion and Quality Monitoring
Commensurate with the seniority of the position applied for, the candidates must have:

An outstanding research and publication record
Extensive experience with industrial collaboration,
Strong track record of attracting research funding.
Candidates for full professorships must be internationally recognized for academic leadership.
All candidates must have a PhD in a relevant discipline.
The successful candidate is expected to develop and engage in a vigorous research program, collaborate with other faculty units on joint research projects, and actively participate in attracting external research funding in close collaboration with colleagues and management.
The successful applicants will be expected to provide outstanding education, supervise students and, depending on level, develop junior staff and faculty units.
The Maersk Mc-Kinney Moller Institute, http://www.sdu.dk/en/mmmi, is an internationally recognized research department, which has maintained a leading position in robotics for more than 3 decades. The department is the origin of robotics research in Denmark, and has spawned the cluster of robotics in Southern Denmark with more than 120 robotics companies including Universal Robots and Mobile Industrial Robots. Building on our expertise in robotics and software, we have raised strong research centers in related domains, such as Health Informatics and Energy Informatics, and in recent years also put the department in the lead of UAS research. The department has recently initiated a new significant long-term strategic focus and investment in an Industry 4.0 initiative with a budget of 40 million Euros, including a new large lab with hyper-flexible production facilities.
Further information is available from Head of Department, Kasper Hallenborg, tel. +45 2135 6256, email: hallenborg@mmmi.sdu.dk, or Head of SDU Robotics, Prof. Henrik Gordon Petersen, tel. +45 6550 7931, email: hgp@mmmi.sdu.dk.   
Appointment to the positions will be in accordance with the salary agreement between the Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations.
Application Qualifications will be assessed by a committee of experts. Applicants will be informed of this assessment.
Qualified applicants may be called for interview.
Applications must be submitted online using the link below. Attached files must be in Adobe PDF or Word format. The application has to state the desired type of position.
Each box can only contain a single file of max. 10 Mb.
An application must include:

Cover letter including statement of motivation
Curriculum Vitae
Certificates/Diplomas (MSc, PhD) – Danish or English transcripts
List of publications
Account of research experience and ideas
Examples of the most relevant publications for the position.
Evidence of experience in teaching and developing educational programmes.
For candidates, who are not fully qualified as full professors, a 5-year position as Professor WSR (with special responsibilities) on top of an associate professor position, can be negotiated.
Candidates for assistant professorship, who aim to have tenure track need to state that aim clearly in the application, as the evaluation will include additional assessment criteria.
The University encourages all interested persons to apply, regardless of age, gender, religious affiliation or ethnic background.]