[The Department of Strategic Management and Globalization (SMG) invites applications for a vacant position as post doc. The position is a full-time position for 1 year starting August 2018 or by mutual agreement. The post doc is part of the research project “The firm in the informal economy” funded by the Carlsberg Foundation with a three-year grant and headed by Associate Professor Marcus M. Larsen.SMG employs an international group of 14 full-time faculty members, as well as part-time faculty, postdocs, PhD students, and adjunct faculty. The department expects to grow significantly in the near future. The core research and teaching area of the Department is strategic and international management. This includes themes like the creation and implementation of global strategies, offshoring and internationalization of firms, the role of individuals and teams in knowledge-based competitive advantage, social networks, strategic entrepreneurship, and the impact of informal and formal structures on firm performance and innovation. SMG’s stated aim is to continue to be among the leading departments in strategic and international management in Europe.According to the UT Dallas Texas rankings over the past six years CBS ranks 6th in the world for research output published in Strategic Management Journal and Journal of International Business Studies, the two leading specialist outlets in SMG’s domain. SMG faculty has received many research awards from the AoM, AIB, and SMS. They also serve in various governance roles in these organizations and in editor and editorial board roles at leading journals. SMG faculty teaches core and elective courses in strategic and international management at all levels, including bachelors, masters, PhD, and (executive) MBA programs, and the department is strongly committed to course development and innovative teaching.The aim of this specific project is to explore the drivers and consequences of how firms in a variety of informal economy contexts structure their organizations. As has been a cornerstone in organizational theory for decades, firms must structure their organizations in ways that match the external environment to operate effectively. However, the nature of the informal economy firms may prevent them from effectively realizing the potential of their organizations. For example, the absence of formal contracts to coordinate firm and human resources calls into question the role and effectiveness of non-contractual coordination mechanisms, such as trust, reciprocity, common grounds, and social networks. Moreover, as many firms in the informal economy have no other option than to operate informally due to the costs and difficulties of registration and taxes it is uncertain how they systematize and effectively exploit different coordination mechanisms.The post doc will join a group of researchers working in the field of organizational theory with a special focus on unregistered firms in Sub-Saharan Africa. The specific tasks of the post doc are:

Work together with members of the research group on one or more sub-projects;
Conduct literature search and develop an analytical framework; 
Contribute with primary data selection (both qualitative and quantitative);
Carry out econometric analyses based on the gathered data; 
Contribute towards achieving the overall project objectives regarding publication and dissemination of the project results.Candidates should hold, or be close to completing, a PhD from an accredited institution. They should have a strong research record (or potential) in the area of strategic management and/or development studies, and first-rate skills in empirical analysis.Application must include:

A letter of motivation
Full CV
Copies of diplomas
Documentation of relevant, significant, original research at an international level, including publications in the field’s internationally recognized journals and citations in the Social Science Citation Index and/or Google Scholar
A complete, numbered list of publications (indicating titles, co-authors, page numbers and year) with an * marking of the academic productions to be considered during the review. A maximum of 10 publications for review are allowed. Applicants are requested to prioritize their publications in relation to the field of this job advertisement
Copies of the publications marked with an *. Only publications written in English (or another specified principal language, according to research tradition) or one of the Scandinavian languages will be taken into consideration).Application Application must be sent via the electronic recruitment system, using the link below.Recruitment procedure The Recruitment Committee will shortlist minimum two applicants; when possible five or more applicants will be shortlisted. The shortlisted applicants will be assessed by the Assessment Committee. All applicants will be notified of their status in the recruitment process shortly after the application deadline.The applicants selected for assessment will be notified about the composition of the Assessment Committee and later in the process about the result of the assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed each applicant will be notified of the outcome of their application. Closing date: May 1, 2018Copenhagen Business School must receive all application material, including all appendices (see items above), by the application deadline.Appointment and salary will be in accordance with the Ministry of Finance’s agreement with the Central Academic Organizations.To find out more about working and living in Denmark, please go to http://www.cbs.dk/en/about-cbs/jobs-cbsFor further information, please visit the SMG website at http://www.cbs.dk/smg, and/or contact Associate Professor Marcus M. Larsen, mml.smg@cbs.dk.Details about Copenhagen Business School are available at http://www.cbs.dk. 
 ]