[We’re looking for talented frontend developers – Remote or Copenhagen, DKIf you are a passionate developer interested in helping us visualize the future of Ulobby and our product, we would love to hear from you.As a Frontend Designer, you will create UI Interactions that feed into Ulobby's ambitious vision and, at the same time, be producing rough and ready prototypes to push forward our suite of tools for the modern lobbyist. We’re tackling problems that have never been addressed before and a strong design culture of experimentation and iteration is a vital part of ensuring, we make a success of that.As a small team in a fast-moving startup, we’re looking for someone who’s enthusiastic about participating in a range of design activities, switching between UI design and prototyping, according to where the need is. Everything you do, will be a key part of shaping Ulobby's product and identity. In addition to being highly skilled on the technical side, you should also be able to put yourself in the user's shoes and think critically about what you're building. We take pride in our work and want you to as well.Our team is curious, driven, friendly, and collaborative. We believe in an egoless approach to development and a blameless approach to problem solving. While we work independently, we support each other through frequent code and design reviews, daily stand-ups, and pair programming, facilitating learning and reducing friction in our weekly releases.Design is at the heart of Ulobby. We believe that it takes exceptional people to distill complex problems into simple solutions.Responsibilities•Develop our web-application for lobbyists. We want to be the preferred platform for Public Affairs work.•Own the user experience of our products. We’re relying on you to translate user needs and business objectives into designs that help our customers get the job done.•Continue migrating our frontend from HTML/CSS to Vue.js/SASS. We want our service to be fast, responsive, and mobile-friendly.•Rapidly produce multiple concepts and prototypes; knowing when to apply pixel-perfect attention to detail, and when to make low-fi sketches and prototypes.•Balance short-term product design needs with a vision into the future. Spend time exploring ideas on how we can improve the product over the long term.•Work effectively in a cross-functional team, partnering with product management and engineering to conceptualize, build, and ship highly usable products that customers love to use.•Use data to drive your design decisions. You should be just as comfortable extracting answers from our analytics, as you are conducting a usability study of a new feature.•Ensure consistency across all of our products and integrations.You might work on•Designing components - for instance, a user interface to browse events in the Danish parliament; this could contain a filter component to filter by date, committee, party, or topic.•Converting a synchronous jQuery based element to an async, data-driven Vue-component to make the user interface more reactive.•Creating a great mobile user experience and add platform specific features, e.g. adding zoom by pinching to iOS/Android.•Improving our own implementation of a living style guide with new features and components and make sure that the examples are 1:1 with our live-platform.•Adding navigation to a d3 visualization of connections between political agents to expand/collapse the network of relations with a smooth 60 fps animation.Requirements•You have 3+ years of experience doing product design for a web or mobile product (not a hard requirement). Experience in SaaS is a plus!•You have a proven track record of success in creating delightful products and can showcase your work.•You not only welcome feedback from customers and teammates but also thrive on it.•You have excellent communication skills and feel comfortable having discussions with users, engineers, and executives.•You’re analytical by nature and factor both quantitative and qualitative data points into your designs whenever possible.•You are self-directed. We’re a startup; we need someone who is comfortable taking an imperfect feature specification and driving it all the way to completion.•You have good judgment and the ability to handle sensitive customer data.If you share our values and want to join us in tackling modern politics with software, we'd love to hear from you.]