[Are you a trained navy officer and do you have the passion and creativity to define the future of our maritime command and control products? Then you might just be the new Product Manager we need in Systematic’s Defence Business Unit.The jobWith reference to the Business Product Manager, you will be part of the product management team. You will be responsible for defining market requirements for our SitaWare Maritime Command and Control products and work with the development teams as the domain expert that articulates the product vision from the point of view of customers and end user. You will work closely together with development teams during the development cycle to ensure the product meets customer requirements. Furthermore, you come to Work with our marketing professionals to create internally and externally focused product collateral and to define the product message. The position will require regular worldwide travel to customer and non-customer sites (10-15%).Your responsibilities include:Define and manage the vision and roadmap for our maritime command and control productsSpecify market requirements for current and future products by conducting market research supported by on-going visits to existing and new customersWrite product requirements documents that enable the company to deliver leadership products while continuing to satisfy tactical needsProvide the sales team with the necessary product knowledge, sales collateral and assistance at special customer visitsAssist the marketing team producing content for our website, blogs and social mediasRepresent the company at conferences and trade shows; interface with industry analystsYour skills and personalityWe are looking for self-motivated and highly energetic individual, with an ambition and professional commitment to improve and increase the effectiveness of our product marketing.You have the following qualifications:8+ years military (navy) experience as tactical officer is a prerequisiteKnowledge and interest in the technology supporting naval warfare (software and hardware)Possess a creative way of thinkingExcellent English written and verbal communication skillsExperience in public presentations and classroom trainingAbility to influence cross-functional teams without formal authorityQuick learner, organized and self-motivated with the ability to define goals and prioritize your own workSystematic offersOur IT solutions make it simpler for the users to make critical decisions. In the defence and healthcare sectors, critical decisions often concern matters of life and death. In both the private and the public sector, our solutions must handle large amounts of data, e.g. in the library sector with more than 50 million yearly loans. To be able to continue the development of solutions that customers trust, we continuously challenge each other, our work processes and technologies. We have a highly pro-active education and training policy with defined career paths and internal pro-active Knowledge Networks.We stay constantly focused on making everything better. Our unique combination of strong principles from CMMI and the best aspects of LEAN and Scrum enable us to develop reliable, high-quality solutions for our customers and to deliver them to the agreed price and deadline. We work in teams, and some of our teams include well-integrated insourced developers.We prioritise a sensible balance between work and private life, and our agile approach provides you with an excellent opportunity of being able to plan your own tasks and working hours to a great extent. We value social cohesion at the workplace and have a very active staff association.Because we also work with security classified projects, all Systematic personnel must have security clearance. Learn more at http://systematic.com/clearance.Have we not answered all of your questions?We continuously assess applications, as we wish to fill the position as soon as possible. Place of work is Aarhus. We look forward to hearing from you.]