[Would you like to work with interesting technical challenges? Then have a look at this exciting career opportunity in our Continuous Improvement Engineering department.Mechanical Engineering  Nacelle Engineering  CIM EngineeringCIM Engineering deals with failures on components which are still in warranty. The achievements of the department have a direct impact on reducing warranty provisions which will affect Vestas' overall business results. As a part of Vestas Power Solution, the CIM Engineering team is responsible for providing solutions for active CIM cases as well as for offering support to standby cases.ResponsibilitiesYour daily responsibility areas will be:

Evaluation and preparation of reported field issues
Drive root cause analysis and lead improvement solutions with stakeholders from the entire value chain
The work involves high level of engineering i.e. balancing a solution towards the CIM process for all phases
You will be responsible for documenting and presenting your work in a precise way to your internal and external stakeholders
QualificationsThe right candidate holds a relevant Master's or Bachelor's degree (Preferably Aero-structural, Wind or Mechanical engineering) and has knowledge about:

blade manufacturing processes
aero add-on technologies for blades
lightning protection systems
the wind power business
CompetenciesWe are looking for a candidate who has an analytical and pro-active mind-set. Further we expect that you:

Have leadership skills and would like to use it in your everyday work
Take responsibility and are passionate about what you do
Are customer oriented and have the ability to understand the business value chain seen from a service - and customer perspective
Have knowledge about Six Sigma/DMAIC methodology
Are self-motivated with outstanding interpersonal skills with both internal and external teams
Are result oriented with a strong focus on the task and to be able to meet your deadlines with the right quality and mindset
Good communication skills in English both written and verbal
What we offerAs the gateway to Vestas Power Solution, you will find yourself in an exciting and sometimes unpredictable job with excellent colleagues. You will experience a ‘people first’ attitude with a lot of independency within the team.You will be joining a team working at a high professional level in a high-paced environment and with a high level of commitment. Additional informationPrimary work location will be in Denmark (Aarhus) or on the Isle of Wight.For additional information about the position, please contact CIM Engineering manager: Thomas Cosmus Hansen tel. no. +45 2060 5948About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at http://www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels.
 
 
Job MechanicalPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Århus NOther LocationsUnited Kingdom-England-GB, W Medina Mills
 
Unposting Date Ongoing]