[Plan your career effectively: opportunity to join dynamic team in leading Renewable Energy business. As leader for planning in this strategically important location you will drive engineering change and planning teams to support and influence the strategic development and change on this location. The Head of Planning and FOM is responsible for all planning processes (production planning and master planning) for all products at the factory (not including warehouse), to ensure plant load plan activity alignment with demand requirements in order to fulfil demand on time and within finished goods storage capacity, booking of revenue to sales plant, support new production introduction in establishing planning setup (processes and master data).  In addition, you will be responsible for the Engineering Change management process for the factory and the key interface to the global process owner. As part of the Plant Brande Management team (BDK) this is an exciting opportunity to lead the planning and FOM function in one of the most important and influential locations in Onshore in Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy. The Plant Brande management team provides a development opportunity for any manager. It is high profile, a dynamic environment and provides opportunities to not only develop yourself but also a team around you. What are my responsibilities?·         To implement and develop the strategy for the area of responsibility, and to ensure that agreed targets are met on time. You need to establish close relationships with internal customers and stakeholders·         Lead and motivate employees and support them in their daily tasks·         Drive the department and its deliverables to a high level of quality and on-time; to secure a 100% updated load plan is loaded into SAP material availability according to SAP demand. To make sure that all interfaces to departments such as Projects/MU, Service, TE, Procurement, SM, Planning, Quality, Production, etc., are clear including ensuring that there are clear definition of roles and responsibilities·         Responsible for implementing new processes, monitoring processes and make sure that all follow the relevant planning processes and procedures·         Responsible for ensuring that the existing InfoSec and EHS regulations from Siemens Gamesa are followed – security and safety are of high importance. You are an advocate for a "Zero Harm" culture within department and organization·         Secure continuous improvement within the department via LEAN. Support improvements and deployment of global processes of load plan, Gateway and Engineering Change Management (ECM)·         Make sure that the quality processes and procedures are followed correctly. Advocate for a "Zero defect" culture within the department and organisation·         Responsible for the Planning and FOM department budget and cost control·         Communication is an important tool and should be in focus in the daily work. The Head of planning and FOM should inform the employees about new changes from top management, projects, strategy or SAP changes on a proactive basis What do I need to qualify for this job?·         You have an educational background within Supply Change Management or another relevant education·         You have 3-5 years of experience within Supply Chain Management and Planning·         You have SCM or Production planning knowledge/business process knowledge·         You possess the ability to manage stakeholders in a complex environment·         Intercultural understanding is a requirement·         You have a track record of proven leadership skills·         It would be an advantage if you have experience in/knowledge of LEAN, Cost reduction, idea generation and SAP·         You are focused on/values the people in your organization – their safety, wellbeing and motivation·         Your leadership values are trust, empowerment and ownership·         You have very good communication and stakeholder management skills·         You always have the customer in focus·         You possess excellent English skills, both orally and in writing In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergyWith a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark.Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible If you want to know more about what it is like to work and live in Denmark, please read more at http://www.siemens.dk/moving-to-denmark.]