[Job Description
Do you have flair for data? Do you enjoy guiding teams in providing the business with a smooth cleansing and migration process? Do you possess strong coordination skills to resolve data issues? And do you want to be a part of one of the biggest projects ever within Danfoss? If you can see yourself in these statements and want to work within a professional organization to support your colleagues, then this might be the job you are looking for! In the One ERP Project, we are looking for a Senior Project Manager to be part of the leadership team in our Data Competence Center, which is responsible for creating and executing a smooth cleansing and migration process. Your primary responsibility will be to coordinate Data Cleansing and Data Migration effectively. To achieve this, you will need to collaborate closely together with colleagues from all over the world, mostly working out of Flensburg. As part of the Data Competence Center, you will be working together with a team of more than 35 colleagues from Danfoss and our external partners. Main areas of responsibility:

Coordination with stakeholders in the central One ERP team as well as in the local sites
Overall planning of all activities related to master data
Understanding data objects and advise on right strategies for Cleansing and Migration
Ensuring focus on master data throughout a One ERP release (from kick-off to go-live)
Driving activities within Data Cleansing and Migration in a One ERP release 
Some amount of travel must be expected for this position. You:

Have a BA or MA within Computer Science, Business or related field combined with relevant technical skills
Have a minimum of 5 years of experience as a Project Manager or a Manager of a small team
Have great understanding of data and the importance of data 
On a more personal note, you have great and effective communication skills both verbally and in writing, and can manage a wide and global group of stakeholders. Furthermore, you are great at multitasking and able to provide off-hours support if needed. You are capable of taking ownership of tasks from beginning to end and leading by example. You are a self-starter with demonstrated ability to quickly learn new technologies. So, if you can see yourself in the above, and you want to work with a team of skilled and committed colleagues, then we would like to welcome you as our new Senior Project Manager. We offer you a unique job opportunity where you will be able to put all your personal competencies into play and develop your skills for a future career within Danfoss. For further information about the position, please contact Head of Data Competence Center, Rasmus Beck at rasmus.beck@danfoss.com. For questions about the recruitment process contact Senior Recruiter, Sigurd Hansen, +45 5371 0634.Please apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline but accept applications as long as the job is posted.The position will be closed down once we have found the right candidate.]