[We are seeking a dedicated and ambitious researcher with expertise in brain injury rehabilitation research to join our team. The position is a 3 year postdoc position, affiliated with RUBRIC (Research Unit on Brain Injury rehabilitation Copenhagen), which is the research unit in the Department of Neurorehabilitation, Copenhagen University Hospital, Rigshospitalet, Denmark. The postdoc will report to the head of research, associate professor Ingrid Poulsen. The Postdoc will be member of a research team with two Ph.D. students and clinical staff members working part time on research projects. The postdoc will work in an environment with a close connection between researchers, clinicians, internal and external, including international collaborators. The department admits patients for sub-acute neurorehabilitation after severe traumatic brain injury, and other acute, severe brain diseases. The patients are admitted from neuro-intensive care units for a 2-3 months intensive, inter-professional neurorehabilitation and are followed up in our outpatient clinic. RUBRIC’s major objective is to perform cutting edge clinical research in the early stages of rehabilitation after severe brain injury. Our strategic research areas are: 1. Pathophysiological changes associated with severe brain injury 2. Development of an evidence base for rehabilitation interventions 3. Collection and analysis of clinical data on patients and their families The postdoc will work within our second strategic area. As a postdoc you will be responsible for a project on muscle tone and spasticity in patients with severe brain injury. Our previous study showed that patients with severe brain injury do not develop spasticity defined as an increase in the muscle stretch reflex, but it seems that patients develop stiffness and decreased mobility over time. Thus, one future research question is if there is an association between physiological changes in joints and muscles and the patients’ functional level. The design will be a cohort study. Further research questions within the project will concern the effects of drug therapy (e.g. botulinum toxin), intensive gait training, and robotic-assisted gait training on the functional level and mobility of the individual patient. As a postdoc you will have the responsibility to work out a research plan together with the head of research. As a postdoc you will participate in a second study to develop evidence base for neurorehabilitation. This study within Facial Oral tract Therapy on swallowing difficulties addresses the question whether biofeedback and electrical stimulation can affect swallowing positively. For this study we are already cooperating with researchers in Berlin who have developed the technology. Our entire research strategy may be found at: RUBRICIn 2021, our department will be part of a new rehabilitation center with 125 beds for brain and spinal cord rehabilitation. Research strategies for this exciting future are currently being developed. A detailed job profile can be found here: JobprofileThe ideal candidate holds a PhD-degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy, or the biomedical sciences. The preferred candidate has a documented high quality research with a publication record within rehabilitation research. For further information about our department and the research you are you are welcome to contact head of research Dr. Ingrid Poulsen at e-mail: Ingrid.poulsen@regonh.dk or mobile phone +4541277383 The application and all relevant materials must be in Scandinavian language or English, and include: 

Cover letter referring specifically to the job profile 
Curriculum vitae, incl. a specification of work and project experience 
A list of peer reviewed publications and abstracts 
Diplomas, academic degrees and other relevant documentation Job interviews will be held on Monday the 9 th. April 2018. For residents outside Denmark, initial interviews will be held using SKYPE or similar arrangement. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, disability, race, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. Application deadline: 5. April 2018 kl. 12:00. ]