[Do you have technology at heart?Here is a rare opportunity to work with developing amazing software products using leading edge technology. Get ready to discover a new reality and strap in for the ride of your career.   Would you like to have fun working in an agile environment with new cloud based technologies? Want to work with some of the most dedicated and sharpest people in the business? Then you may be our new Lead .Net Developer. We work with Continuous Improvement and Continuous Deployment. We are agile and fast moving and yet we have the benefits of working in a larger organization with resources and financial ballast for innovation and the opportunity to work on large scale, complex systems. Join an ambitious and visionary teamAs a team we have very high professional aspirations but at the same time, the culture in the team is relaxed and informal. You will work closely with Product Owners, Developers and Test Specialists in both Denmark and Poland. We work with a scrum methodology. We have a central role in KMD and developing the products of the future, this means that we have great insight into both business and technology. Therefore, it is important that you are interested in especially the technical side but also the business side of development working with Big Data and complex business logic.   Join us and:Be proud of making software products and solutions to the Danish and Nordic Utility and Energy marketWork in diverse teams with both highly skilled leaders, expert colleagues and new talentsBecome part of a new, large software development houseBring your curiosity and we will give you the freedom to try out new ideasBring your expertise in product development and lead us new waysGet the opportunity to influence methods and product development in an agile environment   You are an experienced and skilled Core .Net developer and have worked withModern software architectureDevOps driven developmentGIT and Continuous Integration practicesAlgorithmic development and analysisGenerative development patterns  Beside that you know Azure and experience with this will be a huge advantage. You are fluent in Danish and English. You will be teamed up with ambitious, talented and curious people just like yourself to guarantee that you will never get bored. And you will join a culture where we learn as we go in an agile and customer centric development organization. Take part in creating a new software development houseIn R&D focus is on teams. We are a new software development division within KMD with 500 skilled and engaged people. We have a great workplace with a culture of opportunities and we are creating high performance teams who thrives and strives to achieve great things through technology.   Together we will develop and deliver the best products in the market – we will show the way, creating new ways of working with our customers. We want to be the workplace you want to go to – the coolest place to be as an employee. So go ahead – take the jump and prove yourself! Click apply to come and play -mere end  
Denne jobannonce blev oprindeligt opslået på https://www.ofir.dk/
(Den originale annonce kan ses på: https://www.ofir.dk/showojob.aspx?ofirid=d2f0094c)]