[Do you want to be part of an experienced, competent and agile development team? Would you like a to develop your programming skills?  Do you prefer the results of your work to be applied immediately? Would you like to handle several thousand trading transactions a day? And do you want to help move energy in the GWh size around Europe? Do you want great influence in a leading energy trading house and a position that you can influence?  Then you may be our new Delphi developer.  A wide range of development tasks As a Delphi developer, you become part of the Scrum team that maintains and further develops our system for managing physical flow trading in a wide range of European countries.  The team is part of a development department with more than 50 skilled colleagues. You can look forward to a role focused on software development in Delphi, test automation to support Continuous Delivery, and automation of business logic and processes. In addition, there will be smaller development tasks in C# - a share we expect to increase in the future - and eventually replace the current tasks in Delphi.  “It's an agile environment - sometimes hectic as we work in a field of daily change and changing demands. We deliver many new versions every day and your software will be used immediately. We have very close interaction with the users, which contributes to making every workday exciting and challenging. However, it is important to emphasize that, despite changing requirements, we always keep delivering scalable and solid products - a prerequisite for continuously delivering new features.”   A strong team with good team spirit and cross-organizational cooperationWe are confident that you will enjoy the team. We are a very agile team working in an open office environment with a very good atmosphere. We have a high level of professionalism and knowledge, and we strive to ensure that our product quality is continuously improved.  Your skills
   - You have extensive experience with Delphi development    - You have an IT relevant education    - You have experience with database development on Microsoft SQL server, and you work structured with focus on the right architecture / design    - You are familiar with C# or just want to develop your skills in that direction    - You have experience with working in an agile environment, and it is an advantage if you know Unit Test, End-to-End Test or SOA 
You must be a skilled generalist and dedicated developer, who is passionate about your tasks and products. You should also be comfortable in an agile environment and keep up to date with latest methods and technologies.   You need to be business oriented and you should like diving into the unknown. New ideas emerge all the time and deliverables are rarely repetitive, so it's important that you are self-motivated and entrepreneurial when you work. ]