[For our Offshore Technology department in Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy in Brande, Denmark, we are looking for skilled Project Managers to manage electrical and mechanical product development projects. 
As the Project Manager you have the full project responsibility, and manage a skilled global team of engineers with a very broad area of technical knowledge within electrical and mechanical design. You will cooperate with a wide range of stakeholders internally in the Siemens Gamesa organization as well as externally. 
You will join a department of several experienced project managers, where we share knowledge and support across active projects and prepare improvements to increase synergy between projects. You will become active in the projects, but also in the organization to improve and further mature the way we execute our projects. We expect to learn from you, just as you can expect to learn from us! 
What are my responsibilities?· Project management of development projects involving electrical and mechanical design: Manage development and implementation of solution in close cooperation with a technical PM and a team of engineers · Full project responsibility in terms of time, cost and quality delivered - from scoping phase until project closure· Delivery of technically robust and fully compliant designs to the best possible product cost· Lead the project team in close cooperation with the technically responsible engineers and the Chief Engineer· Project breakdown, planning and execution; from top level plans down to executable tasks tracked in monthly sprints· Project execution in accordance with Siemens Gamesa Technology processes and tools· Stakeholder and risk management in the project including reporting· Securing alignment with turbine development projects and across departments/modules to ensure priorities and deliveries· Coordination with other modules, prototype workshop and supply-chain, as well as with external suppliers and partners· Continuous improvement of the project development process, as a part of the PM team· To be the best possible ambassador for your project and for the department· NPI of the developed solution. Full sourcing and manufacturing setup at suppliers and with Siemens plants· Ensure close cooperation with Procurement, Production, Installation and Service to guarantee optimal solution for our customers 
What do I need to qualify for this job?· You have an education within electrical, mechanical or marine engineering combined with several years of experience of project management, preferable within product development / R&D · You have documented experience with project management of complex projects with multiple stakeholders and suppliers · You have insight in and the ability to work along the entire value chain - from Sales until turbine is handed over to customer / Service· You have a structured approach to your assignments and are able to handle project changes occurring in a dynamic R&D environment· You are an excellent planner and also used to networking and creating strong relations· You possess strong communication and English skills, both orally and in writing· You possess high analytical skills and a structural way of working· You are able to keep a holistic overview of your project, without missing the important details· Your approach to task solving is both technically sound and commercially viable· You are outgoing and proactive, and you possess the ability to work both independently and in teams· You  thrive in a multi-cultural environment and you are familiar with working in large matrix organizations· You have excellent practical and people management skills, strong communication skills and can interface with numerous parties· You are prepared for travelling - normally 15-25 days / year 
In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. 
About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. 
Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. ;
We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. 
By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. 
Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. 
For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. 
Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]