[Are you fascinated by technology advancement and digitization of everything? Would you like to develop your career in business development for the digital age? Could you see yourself managing our relationships with digital entrepreneurs all around the world? Then, you are the one we are looking for! Really, chances like these are hard to come by. Why? Because you will join an exciting, high-performing, entrepreneurial Digital team that is building digital products for Maersk and is spearheading an agile transformation across the company. A.P. Moller - Maersk now finds that its data is fast becoming one of its most important assets. With digitization of assets (i.a. vessels, containers, ports and cranes), the company has an Internet of Things capability and potential with the power to change the logistics industry, to reshape supply chains and even trade, with the information and insight that will spin out of it.
We offer
You will get a deep insight into the world’s largest container logistics company - in a department that brings in cutting-edge software and data science capabilities to customer service and operations. You will work and communicate with external partners and contacts globally that will enable you to build a strong professional network and allows for flexible working hours. We will provide you with opportunities that broaden your knowledge about trending tech as artificial intelligence, blockchain. 
Key responsibilities
You will work with the Partnerships and Business Development Lead in the Digital department. Specifically, you will be: - Managing relationships with tech startup ecosystem partners in global tech hubs- Managing startup and partner searches on specific topics for internal teams and colleagues, including the pre-screening of results and additional research to complement the searches - Conduct market research on trending tech topics and upcoming software startups/ players in fields relevant for Maersk Transport and Logistics - Populate and update the software startup landscape around key trending topics on a continuou basis - Make presentations in powerpoint and various internal web-based tools on trending tech, startups and competitor analyses 
We are looking for
• MSc degree student in Strategy Management, Finance, Business Economics or STEM-degree with business-acumen and an enterpreneurial mindset• Outstanding academic performance – top 10% in class• Can-do attitude that goes beyond job description and assigned tasks. Ability to identify problems, quickly shift priorities, and do whatever it takes, regardless of role or position, to get things done • Natural curiosity and interest to acquire basic understanding of computer science areas (analytics, AI/ML, platform technology, software development etc.) • Excellent and empathetic interpersonal and intercultural communication skills • Storytelling skills in writing and verbal presentation, powerpoint and excel modelling skills• Ability to quickly absorb and process a tremendous amount of new information in a structured manner• Ability to combine an entrepreneurial mindset with sound commercial and strategic analysis that leads to value adding and practical recommendations for the companyWe encourage creative applications that show your unique personality. ]