[Are you highly analytical and eager to create great results in a developing Supply Chain organisation?Then you might be our new Supply Chain Professional at Needle Manufacturing and Sourcing in Hjørring. You will be joining a team of 13 dedicated colleagues, who always focus on getting products to customers at the right time at lowest cost.About the departmentNeedle Manufacturing and Sourcing is located in Hjørring and is a Novo Nordisk production site. The site is responsible for the manufacturing and sourcing of all Novo Nordisk pen needles.Department NMS Logistics & Quality Control (QC) is overall responsible for quality control and supply of needles for all Novo Nordisk affiliates and customers worldwide.You will be part of Team NMS Logistics. The team is responsible for material purchasing, production planning, global planning, as well as the daily collaboration with our strategic contract manufacturer of pen needles. We have end to end responsibility of the supply chain and stock level at affiliates.The positionYou will be responsible for supply chain analysis at operational, tactical and strategic level and communicate these to decision makers in the organisation. You will be working with budgets (AB/RE2), maintain and develop key performance indicators (KPI), data analysis and visualisation, planning simulation, drive process optimisation projects and participate in various supply chain forums.Also, you will be part of a new project where our current production planning software will be replaced by SAP Production Execution. The roles you assume in this project will in large part depend on your profile.QualificationsYou hold a Master’s or bachelor from a relevant Supply Chain educational background as well as experience from other manufacturing company. You are excellent at transforming numbers and data into holistic analysis that you can communicate to stakeholders in a clear manner. You easily learn our processes and are able to challenge and optimise current processes in the supply chain.You are an advanced user of excel and have excellent IT competencies. Also, you have skills for working with production planning in SAP (SAP ECC and SAP APO).As a person you have strong analytical skills with an interest in systematic problem solving. You are detail oriented and feel strongly about delivering the right quality at the right time.Furthermore, you are able to prioritise when several tasks are approaching their deadlines. You will have several stakeholders throughout the organisation and therefore your communication skills must be excellent. You speak and write English and Danish fluently.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, your skills, dedication and ambition help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent and benefit from a range of possibilities for professional and personal development.ContactFor more information, please contact Niels-Kristian Østergaard at +45 3079 5801.Deadline3 April 2018.]