[For the Generator Technology Development team we are looking for a Thermal Design Engineer for designing direct drive generators for our turbine platforms. What are my responsibilities?As a Thermal Design  Engineer you will develop direct drive generator topologies and designs using advanced FE- and analytical modeling tools. You will participate in and lead R&D projects and work closely with colleagues in realizing the final generator solutions.In addition, your responsibilities will cover:· Leading the development of generator cooling technologies· Supporting the thermal design of our multi-MW class of direct drive generators· Participation in full-scale performance testing of multi MW class generators· Analyzing and reporting thermal aspects of machine integration with power converters· Tracking sub-supplier processes· Develop new simulation tools· Supporting wider thermal issues across our products· Work closely with our Global based generator Design Centre on electrical machines In this position you can expect some travel activities. What do I need to qualify for this job?· You have a PhD or Master’s degree in Engineering with focus on thermal design (if you have earned your experience via industry R&D, then this is fine also)· You have knowledge of standard industry software for analytical data analysis and finite element modelling (MATLAB and ANSYS is preferable)· You have a structured and focused approach to your assignments, also when working under pressure· You are innovative and dedicated to develop current and future technologies· You thrive in a multicultural environment and are a dedicated team player who knows how to utilize the experience of the team· You have excellent communication skills and can interface with numerous parties· You possess fluency in both spoken and written English In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergyWith a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark.Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]