[Looking for a way to use your passion for product marketing and join the forces of that creative and strategic brainpower? If you're a big picture thinker with an eye for the nitty-gritty, your chance to bring a slew of innovative SaaS products to the market is waiting!
As a member of the global marketing team at Siteimprove, you will play a pivotal role by developing and executing strong go-to-market strategies for new groundbreaking products and features enabling organizations to optimize their digital presence.
You will be central in developing product roadmaps and aligning them with rest of organization. From there, you will be responsible for developing and implementing go-to-market strategies and plans, driving KPIs that are measurable, and introducing best practices that scale. You will be an ambassador and spokesperson for the product internally and to some extent externally.
You will focus on elevating Siteimprove globally, manifest our position as a thought leader, and fueling awareness, engagement, and conversion. You must be metrics driven - dedicated to developing, measuring, and evolving marketing programs and initiatives that are designed to hit and exceed key targets.
You will join the global digital marketing team based in Copenhagen, but work with key stakeholders around the entire globe. Working in a team of 4 PMMs, you will report to the Digital Marketing Director.
This is a unique opportunity to play a highly visible role in an exciting, industry-leading and fast-growing technology company.
Responsibilities

Work across and cooperate with product development, sales, key influencers and a variety of cross-functional teams.
Understand Siteimprove's products and services working with subject matter experts across the company.
Drive definition of the product messaging framework with a differentiated value propositions, appropriate segmentation and input to pricing models.
Supply input for product-related marketing material to the Content Team. This includes key messages to website and other media, case studies or product presentations to drive adoption and grow revenue.
Determine the best viewpoint for each target market segment, and map features that specifically benefit them.
Prioritize and drive campaigns and segments that have the biggest potential market impact, track their effectiveness, and proactively course-correct based on data and results if necessary.
Channel customer insights and feedback back to development teams.
What We Require of You

You have at least 5 years’ experience developing marketing plans, and executing and tracking go to market campaigns, preferably in B2B / Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) technology company with progressive growth or equivalent
You have a deep understanding of market and audience segmentation.
You believe that there are many opportunities for innovation in solutions that helps organizations understand and optimize their digital presence.
You master modern storytelling by building narratives, targeted to customers and/or partners, to Create an emotional connection that drives demand and brand reputation.
Knowledge and experience with digital marketing (SEO/SEM/Social Media/E-mail)
Knowledge and experience with web accessibility, analytics solutions and SEO tools is a plus.
Master's degree in Business Administration, Communications, Marketing or related field, or any equivalent combination of experience and training that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
What We'll Love About You
That you’re a self-driven, creative, inquisitive individual possessing lots of drive. Aiming to join a team of skilled colleagues, whom you can inspire, and who can inspire you towards delivering world class products.
What You'll Love About Us
Siteimprove is a Danish founded multinational company with over 450 employees worldwide. In addition to our headquarters in the heart of Copenhagen, we have offices in Minneapolis, London, Berlin, Vienna, Amsterdam, Oslo, Sydney and Toronto, and our customers are spread across North America, Europe, Japan and Australia.
Siteimprove transforms the way organizations manage and deliver their digital presence. With the Siteimprove Intelligence Platform, you gain complete visibility and deep insights, empowering you and your team to measure what matters, drive accountability, and act with certainty.
We also offer amazing perks!

Great and Inspiring Company Culture. We are passionate, innovative and people-centric. We’re consistently named as a great place to work across the globe.
Amazing Kitchen Staff. Our celebrity head chef and his kitchen staff cook delicious lunch for us every day. There’s always cake on Fridays and on special occasions and celebrations (which, luckily, is quite often). Naturally, we offer free coffee, free sodas and free fruit ad libitum, plus there’s opportunity to buy food to take home at extremely reasonable prices.
Outstanding Office Location. We are located in the heart of Copenhagen in a beautiful building sometimes referred to as “the Palace” by our employees.
Own Friday Bar. On the top floor, we have our very own Friday Bar with quality beverages. In the summer, we may take the party to our cozy courtyard for barbecuing in the sun.
Coding Club, Events, and Workshops. The Coding Club meets weekly (pizza and beverages on the house), and we regularly throw meetups, social events and workshops.
Corporate Social Responsibility. We do various activities to be a good corporate citizen, and we are very proud to be a socially responsible company, internally and externally. Learn more about our CSR efforts here.
How To Apply
Click on the ‘Apply Now’ button to submit your application. If you have any questions regarding the job or need a reasonable accommodation to apply, feel free to contact our Talent Acquisition Specialist Katrine Rav Hallas at krd@siteimprove.com
Siteimprove is a global corporation and has developed data practices designed to assure your personally-identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in accordance with our Privacy Policy at Siteimprove.com/privacy]