[You know your communication theory and desperately want to apply it to digital media platforms. We’re looking for a driven Social Media Student Assistant to join our digital marketing team for approximately 15 hours a week. Sound like you? If so, keep reading. This might be your ‘foot in the door’ moment.
 
Join a marketing department that prioritizes social media platforms
​In our Marketing department, we have a global reach and we use a variety of tools and channels to communicate with our audience. Our mission is to bring new, exciting products to the market. In that mix, we value digital platforms highly and prioritize resources in order to thrive in the new media landscape. We work proactively to bring quickly our ideas to life. 
 
Your primary responsibilities
As a Social Media Student Assistant, we need you to:

Assist with community management by communicating with our customers online
Produce content for our digital platform together with our experienced editorial team
Coordinate social media content across language
Also, you will take part in our events, fairs and key meetings, where your role will be to solve both practical and communicative ad hoc tasks. You’ll be a fundamental part of our team.  
 
Your profile matters
You’re studying a Bachelor’s- or Master’s degree at a university with a major in Business Communication, Marketing or Digital media. You thrive in a fast-moving marketing environment and show both independence and professional curiosity - traits that will help you blend in well with the team and ultimately succeed with your tasks. As a person, you’re positive and reflective by nature. We also imagine that you:

Work independently, start your own projects and dare to challenge the status quo
Always strive to learn more about digital platforms - new as old
Aren’t afraid to fail, because you understand that failing equals learning
To succeed, you should perform well both individually and in teams, share your know-how, pitch ideas and work determined to see them through.Finally, we’re a global organisation, so you will rely heavily on your language skills - written and spoken English at full professional proficiency is a must. 
 
We offer opportunities to shape your future career
We offer a chance to influence marketing projects, create visible results, grow and prove yourself in a global business with a high work ethic, a friendly tone and a flat organisational structure. The position is paid and the working hours are approximately 15 hours a week. You will be based at our Headquarters in Skanderborg, but we prioritize flexibility and the opportunity to work remotely.   
 
Interested? Get typing!
Upload your application online by following the link below. Applications will be processed successively, and the deadline for being evaluated is 30 March 2018. You can expect an answer within six weeks.
We look forward to reading your application. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, gender, religion, national origin, age, political affiliation, sexual orientation or the like. We are committed to building a great working atmosphere for everyone. We handle your data confidential and according to Danish and European laws.
For questions about the position, please contact Content Manager, Christopher Kjærulff at HR@dynaudio.com
Apply by following the link below.]