[Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? Azure is the most innovative cloud platform in computing today and Microsoft is hiring Advanced Analytics & Artificial Intelligence Technology Solutions Professionals (TSP) within our Global Black Belt (GBB) organisation.   
 
As a GBB for Advanced Analytics and AI, you will be a senior technical sales leader within our enterprise sales organization working with our strategic enterprise customers.   You will lead technical sales engagements with your strong knowledge and depth experience of Azure and open source advanced analytics using languages such as Python, R or Scala and data processing platforms like Spark,   Kafka, Storm, NoSQL (e.g. Hbase, MongoDB),   and relational databases. This will require the orchestration, managing and working within virtual teams of partners, ISVs and Microsoft services and technical resources to help customers accelerate their digital transformation journey through Microsoft Advanced Analytics and Artificial intelligence solutions. You will be accountable to work with broader Microsoft Data platform solution sales organization to achieve/exceed Microsoft data platform and analytics sales targets for your assigned territory.   
 
Being part of this team will allow you to maintain and develop your deep technical expertise & thought leadership across both Microsoft and Open Source Advanced Analytics and Artificial intelligence technologies. You will grow by collaborating with Microsoft engineering and technical communities across different geographies and attend community and technical education events. Equally, you will have opportunities and be expected to showcase your experiences and knowledge at various Microsoft and Industry conferences.   
 
The Impact You’ll Be Making   
You will be the key technical leader and influencer in shaping customer decisions to buy, architect and adopt Microsoft Advanced Analytics & Artificial Intelligence solutions. Being a member of the sales opportunity team, you will give technical presentations, demonstrations, help execute proof of concepts, design and implement solutions leveraging sales, partners, ISVs and Microsoft Consulting Services as needed. You will directly support the market share and revenue growth of Microsoft Data and Analytics platform through your technical leadership in designing and implementing mission critical solutions for our customers and develop and deliver repeatable solutions and IP for the sales organisation. [~50% of time]   
You will influence Microsoft Data platform go to market strategies by providing feedback to sales, marketing, and engineering on current and future product requirements and sales blockers you encounter. [~20% of time]   
You will be a thought leader in Advanced Analytics & Artificial Intelligence space. You lead by participating in internal Microsoft technical communities and in the broader industry events and publishing blogs, whitepapers, reference architecture etc in your area of expertise. [~30% of time]   
 
Who We Are Looking For:   
 
Professional   
Experienced. 10+ years of related experience in technical pre-sales and/or technical consulting roles required.   
Excellent Communicator. Strong negotiation, organizational, presentation, product demo, written, and verbal communication skills required.   
Executive Presence. Proven experience and ability to engage with senior level executives required.   
Performer. Highly driven person who consistently exceeds goals and expectations required.   
Collaborative. Able to work cohesively with members of the Microsoft sales & services field, Microsoft partners, and Microsoft corporate sales, engineering, and marketing required.   
 
Technical   
Analytics Expert. Broad knowledge of and ability to explain key end-user scenarios and technical architecture with experience in Advanced Analytics, Big Data and AI capabilities required.   
Data Science.   Knowledge of the Data Science process and life-cycle and familiarity with at least one open-source programming language and their libraries used within a data-science context; (e.g. languages: Python, R, Scala, Julia. Libaries: scikit-learn, MLlib, sparkr/sparklyr, H2O) required. Knowledge of deep-learning frameworks (e.g. CNTK, Tensorflow, Caffe, Keras, MXNet) desired. 
Azure Advanced Analytics Platform. Strong knowledge of Azure Advanced Analytics technologies such as Cognitive Services, Machine Learning, AI, Stream Analytics, HDInsight and Microsoft SQL Server analytics capabilities required.   
Open Source. Knowledge of Open Source Data Platform technologies such as Spark, Kafka, Storm, NoSQL (e.g. Hbase, MongoDB) etc. required. 
Application Development. Knowledge of modern application development tools, techniques (e.g. devops), and development languages and frameworks. E.g. Java, JavaScript, React, Node.js, ASP.Net, C#. Desired. 
Planning for success. Understand cloud deployment and adoption planning. Required. 
 
Cloud Trust. Demonstrated knowledge of identity, authentication, security, privacy, and compliance and how they factor into Analytics solutions required.   
 
Technical breadth. Enterprise-scale experience with cloud and hybrid infrastructures, architecture designs, migrations and management of technology required.   
Competitive Landscape. Strong understanding of analytics platform competitors (AWS, Google, IBM) and their capabilities required. Knowledge of commercial advanced analytics tools/languages (e.g. SAS or SPSS) desired. 
 
Education   
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field and application or required. Masters/PhD in science or analytics discipline desired. 
Certifications in domain-specific technologies required   
Certifications in Azure technology preferred   
Certifications in information security desired   
To learn more about Microsoft’s mission, please visit:   https://careers.microsoft.com/mission-culture   
Check out all our products at:   http://www.microsoft.com/en-us   
 
At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global marketplace, our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences become increasingly important. Come explore diversity at Microsoft!]