[Applications are invited for a position as associate professor/assistant professor at Center for Music in the Brain, Department of Clinical Medicine, Health, Aarhus University.   The Danish National Research Foundation’s Center for Music in the Brain (MIB) is an interdisciplinary research center at Aarhus University (AU) and the Royal Academy of Music, Aarhus/Aalborg, Denmark (RAMA) aiming to address the dual questions of how music is processed in the brain and how this can inform our understanding of fundamental principles behind brain functioning in general. With a strong foundation in music practice and theory at the highest level and a focus on the clinical application of music, MIB combines neuroscientific, musicological and psychological research in music perception, action, emotion and learning with the potential to test prominent theories of brain function and to influence the way we play, teach, use and listen to music.   The position, which is a full-time position with 37 hours per week, is expected to be filled in as soon as possible. You will be employed for the position you are qualified for.  The duration of the position is 3 years.   You will be employed with reference to the Director of the Center for Music in the Brain.   Job description  The successful applicant will join the Action strand which is centered around music production, performance and interaction with a special focus on rhythm. The applicant will test hypotheses related to complex, groove-based music and will work on research projects examining the neural correlates of music in healthy individuals and/or patient populations using MRI, functional MRI, EEG and MEG, and be carrying out scientific research in collaboration with Professor Vuust and other team members.   The Post  The successful applicant will have an important role in collecting and analysing the data and in coordinating aspects of the project. The post holder will ensure that systems for collection, management and entry of data for the study are fit for purpose and quality assured and will work closely with the PI to analyse the data, write the reports, and ensure successful completion of the project.  Previous experience, i.e. experience as a postdoc or assistant professor, is necessary.  Responsibilities/duties  

Development of ideas and study design.  
Collection and analysis of neuroimaging and behavioural data.  
Writing of journal articles.  
Coordinate and produce regular reports appropriate for collaborators, Data Monitoring and Ethics Committees.  
Participate in fundraising  
 Selection criteria  

Have completed a PhD in the field of neuroscience, medicine, psychology, music, or other relevant education.  
Experience with neuroimaging acquisition and analysis (DTI, fMRI, MEG, EEG).  
Expertise in advanced statistical analysis of neuroimaging data modalities.  
Excellent verbal and written English communication skills.  
A strong interest in music.  
Collaborative skills as the successful candidates will join a large multidisciplinary research environment.  
 Desirable  Track record of publications within  

neuroscience  
cognitive musicology  
predictive coding theory.  
Experience with computer programming (especially Matlab and/or C++).  
Experience with psychological testing.  
 For further information about the position, please contact the Director of Center for Music in the Brain, Peter Vuust, pv@musikkons.dk About MIB  MIB is headed by Professor Peter Vuust and the center is organized around four research topics: 

Perception, led by Lauren Stewart (PI): centered around music perception and cognition  
Action, led by Peter Vuust (PI, Director): centered around the processing of musical rhythms and the interaction between rhythm and motor behavior  
Emotion, led by Morten Kringelbach (PI): centered around the relationship between music and emotions, and how and why music brings pleasure  
Learning, led by Elvira Brattico (PI): centered around the effect of music training, expertise and individual traits  
 The research in the center is based on the predictive coding of music hypothesis proposing that music reflects fundamental brain mechanisms associated with prediction. This hypothesis offers a fresh perspective on how specialized brain networks can identify and categorize causes of sensory inputs, integrate information with other networks, and adapt to new stimuli. It proposes that perception and learning occurs in a recursive Bayesian process by which the brain tries to minimize the error between the input and the brain’s expectation.   MIB is situated in the Danish Neuroscience Center at Health, AU allowing close interactions with residing clinicians, medical scientists and patient groups. This gives easy access to MINDLab Core Experimental Facility with an impressive infrastructure providing an array of state-of-the-art technologies (PET, MRI, fMRI, MEG, EEG, tDCS, and TMS), and extensive support. MIB is also affiliated with RAMA’s music teaching programs of the highest national and international levels, training students as professional musicians and high-level music teachers.  The workplace address is Nørrebrogade 44, Building 10 G, 8000 Aarhus C.   Read more about MIB at http://www.musicinthebrain.au.dk Required qualifications Appointment as an assistant professor requires academic qualifications at PhD level.  Appointment as an associate professor requires research and teaching qualifications at such level as can be attained following a satisfactory period of appointment as an assistant professor, but which could also be achieved otherwise. It is assumed that applicants have received supervision and training in university education and have received a positive written assessment of their teaching qualifications.  Formalities and references 

Further information on the appointment procedure can be found in the Ministerial Order on the Appointment of Academic Staff at Universities  https://ufm.dk/en/legislation/prevailing-laws-and-regulations/education/files/ministerial-order-on-the-appointment-of-academic-staff-at-universities.pdf
The appointment is in accordance with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (Akademikerne)  http://www.ac.dk/english.aspx
Remuneration is in accordance with the above, and the Salary agreement catalogue for staff at Health  http://health.au.dk/fileadmin/www.health.au.dk/Aktuelt/ledigestillinger/loenkatalog-engelsk.pdf
Further information on qualification requirements and job description can be found in the Memorandum on Job Structure for Academic Staff at Danish Universities (in Danish)  https://www.retsinformation.dk/Forms/R0710.aspx?id=174476&;;
Application Applications must be accompanied by a CV, diploma, a list of publications, a research plan as well as a teaching portfolio. A maximum of ten of the publications of greatest relevance to the job must be submitted. If you have an assessment within the same job title (completed after March 1, 2016 at AU, Health), then this can be attached to the application.  Further information on the application and supplementary materials may be found in the faculty’s Guidelines for applicants (http://health.au.dk/fileadmin/www.health.au.dk/Om_Health_Ekstern/Nye_ansaettelsesprocedurer/vejledning-til-ansoegere_UK_NY.pdf) and Aarhus University’s Guidelines on the use of teaching portfolios (http://medarbejdere.au.dk/en/administration/hr/recruitment-and-employment/teaching-portfolios/) The assessment committee may decide to include non-submitted material in its assessment. In such cases, the applicant will be informed and obliged to submit material, unless the application is withdrawn.  Applications submitted through channels other than the online application form below or applications which are not received by the application deadline will not be considered.  All interested candidates are encouraged to apply, regardless of their personal background.  Deadline All applications must be made online and received by: 4/4/2018  Please apply online here  http://www.au.dk/en/about/vacant-positions/scientific-positions/stillinger/Vacancy/show/963387/5283/]