[Are you a sales superstar, a true hunter, and would you like the opportunity to become part of an exciting and fast growing software company with great international success? If you can say yes to that, and you are a high achiever, energetic and you love to connect with people, then you could very well be the perfect fit for this role!We are now looking to add a Sales Representative (Italian-speaking) to join our headquarter in Copenhagen, reporting to our Country Manager for Italy.Working in close collaboration with people from all over the world, you’ll play a key role in handling outgoing calls and emails from and to prospects with the intent of promoting Siteimprove’s unique products and services to qualify interest and generate sales leads for the account managers. With this responsibility, you have direct impact on Siteimprove’s continuous success on the Italian market!As Siteimprove is in tremendous growth, for the right candidate, this position can offer growth opportunities within Siteimprove’s sales organization. What We Require of YouYou most likely hold a degree in marketing, communications, business, or related field.You have a genuine interest in sales and maybe even experience within business development or outbound calling; however, this is not a requirement if you love talking to people, and are not afraid to be pick up the phone.We imagine you have excellent communication skills, strong collaboration and teambuilding skills, and great planning skills.You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and find it easy to adapt and multitask.Fluent Italian is essential.   What We'll Love About YouSaaS solutions sales experience is a plus.You’re innovative and bring new ideas to the market. What You'll Love About Us Siteimprove is a Danish founded multinational SaaS company with over 450 employees worldwide. In addition to our headquarters in the heart of Copenhagen, we have eight offices around the world that you will get to work together with to make the web a better place.Our services help more than 6,000 organizations manage and improve their digital presence. With the Siteimprove Intelligence Platform, our clients gain complete visibility and deep insights, empowering them to measure what matters, drive accountability, and act with certainty.We’ve been experiencing rapid growth for the last couple of years, which translates to a determined and exciting work environment with good opportunities for career growth and professional development for our employees.Furthermore, you’ll have the chance to influence the company in different ways such as suggesting ideas for our products and participate in our CSR activities. Learn more about our CSR efforts here.During your first week of employment you will get together with all the other new hires in our Copenhagen Headquarters for the Onboarding. Introductions to our products and our departments, and a specific sales training session will prepare you for a great start in your new role. We, of course, also organize some social activities, where you’ll get to know your new colleagues and the Siteimprove cultureWe also offer amazing perks!Great and Inspiring Company Culture.  We are passionate, innovative, and people-centric. We’ve consistently been named as a great place to work across the globe.Amazing Kitchen Staff.  Our celebrity head chef and his kitchen staff cook delicious lunch for us every day. There’s always cake on Fridays and on special occasions and celebrations (which, luckily, is quite often). Naturally, we offer free coffee, free sodas and free fruit ad libitum and the opportunity to buy food to take home at extremely reasonable prices.Outstanding Office Location. We are located in the heart of Copenhagen in a beautiful building sometimes referred to as “the Palace” by our employees.Our own Friday Bar. On the top floor, we have our very own Friday Bar with quality beverages. In the summer, we may take the party to our cozy courtyard for barbecuing in the sun.Events, and Workshops. We regularly throw events and workshops in our HQ in Copenhagen. How To ApplyClick on the APPLY button now to submit your cover letter and résumé. If you have any questions regarding the job, feel free to contact Martina Kofler at mko@siteimprove.com.Siteimprove is a global corporation and has developed data practices designed to assure your personally-identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in accordance with our Privacy Policy at Siteimprove.com/privacy.]