[Are you passionate about fulfilling customers’ needs? Are you driven by the thrill of completing a sale? Do you enjoy working in a dynamic environment where no two days are alike? If so, are we hiring a new B2B Charter Sales Coordinator. You will be a part of a 3-4 person team within the Commercial Department for DAT and will have a customer-facing role selling the airlines’ capacity. The Commercial Department is headquartered in Denmark and you will be based in Vamdrup.
 
General requirements

High-level written and oral English skills
Structured, analytical and able to meet deadlines – comfortable making recommendations supported by data and analyses
Able to quickly grasp concepts
Attention to detail
Proactive and self-motivated
Team and service-oriented
Flexible with duties
Work place at Vamdrup near Kolding
Normal working hours with scheduled phone standby outside normal working hours at times
Approximately 30 travel days per year to be expected
 
Job description

Responding daily to requests from brokers, airlines, and customers
Price quotations and negotiations
Contract completion
Customer follow-up
Lifecycle customer service (before/during/after flown) for sold charters
Key account management
Optimization of sales processes
 
Required skills & experiences

No airline experience necessary – training provided
Educational degree or experience in Business or similar
Experience with international customer contact
Ability to work under pressure in a dynamic team environment
Advanced Excel skills and experience
Content generalist not a specialist
 
What DAT can offer you

Dynamic work place; no two days are alike.
International work environment; daily contact with colleagues in Denmark and international customers, suppliers, stakeholders, etc.
Discounted travel benefits for you and your immediate family.
 
About DAT
Danish Air Transport, in daily speech DAT, is a Danish airline founded in 1989. We are a company with approx. 470 employees distributed in Denmark and Lithuania and with an annual turnover of 860 million. DKR. The headquarter is in Vamdrup near Kolding, Denmark.
Our 22 ATR, MD, SAAB and Airbus flights fly airline, passenger charter and freight services. Ever since the start, we have been passionate about delivering a flight with very high operational reliability, personalized service and the necessary flexibility when required. We fly on time and keep our agreements.
 
How to apply

Upload CV and motivated application in English or Danish to job@dat.dk and please mark the application with “B2B Charter Sales Coordinator”. Please state when possible to start
Please contact Robert if you have any questions to robert@dat.dk
 ]