[Description This scholarship can be for a project in any area of strategic management, but some topics of particular interest include: 

Data-driven business models and growth 
Network strategy 
Strategic contracting 
Strategic human capital Applications will be assessed on the basis of the quality of the proposed project, as well as the quality of the candidate. Only project proposals that clearly fall in the area of strategic management will be considered. General information The Department of Strategic Management (SMG) employs an international group of 14 full-time faculty members, as well as part-time faculty, postdocs, PhD students, and adjunct faculty. The department expects to grow significantly in the near future. The core research and teaching area of the Department is strategic and international management. This includes themes like the creation and implementation of global strategies, offshoring and internationalization of firms, the role of individuals and teams in knowledge-based competitive advantage, social networks, strategic entrepreneurship, and the impact of informal and formal structures on firm performance and innovation. SMG’s stated aim is to continue to be among the leading departments in strategic and international management in Europe. A PhD scholarship runs for a period of 3 years. The scholarship includes a fully salaried position, according to the national Danish collective agreement. The scholarship includes the tuition fees, office space, travel grants plus a salary, currently starting with per month app. DKK 23,770 (approx. 3,160 euro) up to DKK 28,964 (approx. 3,860 euro) depending on seniority, plus a pension contribution totaling 17,1 % of 85 per cent of the base salary. The salary level and appointment is determined by the Ministry of Finance’s collective agreement with the Central Academic Organization. The PhD student will be enrolled at the PhD School in Economics and Management. The PhD program is highly international and you are expected to participate in international research conferences. See the CBS homepage for more information about the PhD program, http://uk.cbs.dk/phd. It is also required that the applicant shows an interest in joining the Department’s research environment, see http://www.cbs.dk/smg. To be considered, the candidate should have a basic training at the Masters level (similar to the 3 + 2 Bologna process). This requirement includes the minimum grade of a weighted grade point average of at least 8.2 on the Danish 7-point grading scale or 9 on the 13-point scale for the entire program (i.e. for both the Bachelor's and Master's studies), and at least the grade of 10 for any final thesis or examination project. The applicants must be fluent in English. The application must include: 

A project description (5 pages): This research proposal should contain a presentation of an original research question, a description of the initial theoretical framework and methodology, a presentation of the suggested empirical material as well as a work-plan. 
Copies of a Master’s degree certificate or other certificates of a corresponding level. 
Brief curriculum vitae (CV). 
A list of papers and publications. 
One copy of a selected written work (e.g. Master’s thesis). 
Documentation for English language skills if English is not mother tongue. Applicants must enclose documentation for English language skills. Documentation of GRE and/or GMAT scores is strongly encouraged. For submitting GMAT scores, look up Copenhagen Business School in the GMAC register and choose the PhD Program. Recruitment procedure The Recruitment Committee will shortlist minimum two applicants; when possible five or more applicants will be shortlisted. The shortlisted applicants will be assessed by the Assessment Committee. All applicants will be notified of their status in the recruitment process shortly after the application deadline. The applicants selected for assessment will be notified about the composition of the Assessment Committee and later in the process about the result of the assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed each applicant will be notified of the outcome of their application. Please find guidelines and further information on scholarships and the Doctoral Program at http://uk.cbs.dk/phd. Application must be sent via the electronic recruitment system, using the link below. Closing date: May 1, 2018. Copenhagen Business School must receive all application material, including all appendices (see items above), by the application deadline. To find out more about working and living in Denmark, please go to http://www.cbs.dk/en/about-cbs/jobs-cbs. For further information, please visit the SMG website at http://www.cbs.dk/smg, and/or contact Head of Department Michael Mol, mmo.smg@cbs.dk. Details about Copenhagen Business School are available at http://www.cbs.dk. 
 ]