[The Novo Nordisk Foundation Center for Biosustainability (CFB) at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU) is seeking a postdoc to join a project targeting the production of proteins and biochemicals using gram positive production organisms. CFB is a research center that focuses on the use of advanced metabolic engineering techniques and synthetic biology tools for developing the next generation of cell factories. The center comprises various research units covering activities focusing on metabolic engineering of various microorganisms for production of biochemicals, proteins and peptides.Responsibilities and tasksThe main focus of this job will be to apply state-of-the-art metabolic engineering methodologies to the production of biochemicals and industrial proteins using thermotolerant gram positive production organisms, including, for example, B. subtilis and G. thermoglucosidasius. The successful candidate will be responsible for engineering the microorganisms for producing selected biochemicals and proteins, characterizing the engineered strains and further optimizing them. The work will also include the development and improvement of genetic tools for the organisms. The job will require close collaboration with the analytical and fermentation groups at the Center. QualificationsWe are seeking a highly motivated, open-minded and goal-oriented candidate, who has the following qualifications:

Ph.D. degree in microbiology, molecular biology, chemical engineering, biotechnology or equivalent
Solid and documented experience with cultivation and metabolic engineering of thermophilic gram-positive microorganisms
In-depth understanding of bacterial physiology and metabolism
All-around knowledge of the theoretical and practical aspects of metabolic engineering
Knowledge of bioreactors, bioinformatics and omics data analysis will be advantageous
Additionally the candidate must have:

Documented scientific excellence in the form of a high-quality publication record
Solid skills in Design of Experiments, as well as data analysis and presentation
A strong work ethic
Proficiency in English 
Strong communication skills to effectively interact with a diverse group of researchers in a multicultural work environment
We offerDTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility.  Salary and terms of employmentThe appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed upon with the relevant union. The period of employment is 2 years. The position is to be filled from the beginning of March or soon thereafter.You can read more about career paths at DTU here.
Further informationFor further information may be obtained from Professor Alex Toftgaard Nielsen, atn@biosustain.dtu.dk. You can read more about CFB at http://www.biosustain.dtu.dk.Application procedurePlease submit your online application no later than 29 March 2018 (local time).
Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online", fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include:

Application (cover letter)
CV
Diploma (MSc/PhD)
List of publications
Applications and enclosures received after the deadline will not be considered.
All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, disability, race, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply.
DTU Biosustain is an international research center of excellence developing next generation cell factories and bioprocesses for sustainable production of high-value chemical compounds as well as protein-based products. The center uses advanced metabolic engineering techniques and computational biology ensuring efficient and cost-effective design and construction processes. The center’s activities are a balanced mix of basic and translational research, complemented by an emphasis on business development to facilitate commercialization of new cell factories and associated technologies. DTU Biosustain offers state-of-the-art research facilities and assembles world leaders in the field thus offering a unique platform providing excellent talent development and career opportunities.
DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]