[Do you want to contribute to the continuous improvement of the world’s leading manufacturer of insulin? Do you get motivated by identifying and improving cross-functional business processes for the benefit of millions of insulin-patients worldwide?Then this is your call for action! Device Manufacturing & Sourcing is looking for two experienced LEAN project managers to execute optimisation projects and help develop the LEAN mind-set of our managers and employees to the next level.About the departmentYou will be based in Hillerød and be a part of the Standardisation & Optimisation department within Business Support who is overall responsible for supporting the business unit which consist of 450 employees. You will be part of the cLEAN® team, that consists of 4 dedicated LEAN specialists who are working hard every day to optimise business processes and develop the LEAN culture of the site through execution of strategic optimisation projects, shopfloor coaching and LEAN education. You will report to the Senior Manager of the Standardisation & Optimisation department and work closely with site management as they are sponsoring the optimisation projects.The positionYou will be responsible for driving highly prioritised cross-functional improvement projects. You will approach the projects with data and you will analyse current state and future state with the use of LEAN tools such as Value Stream Mapping, Process mapping and A3/PDCA methodology. You will conduct business case analysis to estimate project potential and drive the projects from start to end to ensure projects are implemented, anchored within line of business and that results are harvested.In Novo Nordisk, LEAN is more than just a lot of different tools. LEAN is a culture and a mind-set that you always have to continuously develop. Therefore, another part of your job will be to coach and train our leaders and employees in order to further develop their LEAN mind-set and hereby the culture of the organisation. Through shopfloor coaching, workshops and classroom training at our LEAN Academy, you guide managers and employees to address problems and opportunities in a systematic way. Moreover, you ask questions and use your coaching and holistic overview to inspire our managers and employees to find the solutions themselves.Through your constructive feed-back you support the way we solve problems and help integrate LEAN as a natural part of how we run our business.QualificationsYou have an academic degree with at least 3-5 years of experience driving LEAN activities in a production or administrative environment where you have demonstrated the ability to deliver results through the involvement of key stakeholders. You have experience from a management position or you are a skilled Project Manager with the ability to deliver on tight deadlines, you master change-management and you have solid experience working with LEAN tools and as coach and trainer. You are an inspiration to those around you and also manage to challenge stakeholders in an empathic and respectful way. Having many contacts from employees to site management, across all kinds of professional backgrounds, requires excellent stakeholder management and communication skills including the ability to explain complex subjects in an easy understandable way in English written and spoken.Working at Novo NordiskIn Novo Nordisk, it is your skills, your engagement and ambitions, which helps improving many people’s lives. In return, we offer you the opportunity to work together with very skilled and talented colleagues and offer you a lot of personal development and career opportunities.ContactFor further information, please contact Shahir Rona on +45 3075 4746.Deadline1 April 2018.]