["Do you want to put your print on the digital Denmark and are you passionate about digital solutions that can make life easier for the Danish citizen? Then you might be our new employee!" " Denmark must be digitalized and it is our responsibility. We call it the digitalized revolution. Our tool is IT and our aim is world class. Do you have talent challenging the limits then we will help you forward in your career? Are you ready to sign up as a rebel for a revolutionary cause?"  About the jobIf you want to work with data protection in one of Denmark's major IT organisations, then the position as Data Protection Specialist in KMD could be something for you.As a Data Protection Specialist in KMD your tasks lie within a broad range across the spectrum of data protection. As an advisor to our business, you will assist in interpretation of data protection regulation as well as guiding on how to comply in practice – in both KMD’s roles as a data processor as well as data controller. This means that you will have varied tasks within driving and the ongoing development of KMD’s Data Protection Programme. A few examples could be:• drafting data protection policies, processes and -templates• driving of our governance structure for data protection• advising the line of business in connection with assessment of appropriate level of security• follow-up on data protection related initiatives and controls• preparation of material for awareness and training• advice in connection with the drawing up of risk and impact assessments• consultancy in the event of personal data breaches• participation in audits on data protection control etc. About youIt is a requirement that you have minimum 2 to 5 years of practical experience in the area of data protection, compliance or information security.As KMD is a technology heavy company it will be a great advantage if you have experience within the IT industry. If you have practical experience in information security, it will be a further advantage, because the two disciplines are closely related, and work closely together in KMD. If you have also experience with Management Systems like ISO27001 or 9001 it will also be an advantage.It is expected that you are working structured, focused and are able pursue a task independently – all the way to the end. In addition, it is expected that you are motivated by complex tasks, possess good business sense and are capable of communicating with people at all levelsWe expect that you have a long-term higher education, e.g. as Cand Merc. Jur., Cand. IT Software Development or M.Sc in Informatics and Engineering , but relevant experience outweigh educational background. We offer KMD’s Data Protection team is enshrined in our legal director, in parallel with Group Legal, Group Security & Quality and Group Internal Audit. We are a small team of two, but we are working closely together daily with all the above-mentioned teams. We have an informal place tone, and places great emphasis on professional sparring and corporation.You will often be involved in the exciting, large and complex projects that KMD develops, provide and operates to local governments and private companies and organisations.KMD has as ambition, to be the best on the training of employees, when compared to other large Danish IT companies; at the same time, KMD is working actively to create clear career paths both in the line and in projects, and similarly, it is the company's goals to develop and train the best specialists. Do you want to know more about the position, you are welcome to contact Julie de Linde, Data Protection Officer on telephone + 45 61913744
Denne jobannonce blev oprindeligt opslået på https://www.ofir.dk/
(Den originale annonce kan ses på: https://www.ofir.dk/showojob.aspx?ofirid=3ebd8760)]