[Pick a point on a globe, and Maersk won’t be far away. With 90% of global trade carried by sea, there is a fairly high chance that the shoes on your feet or the phone in your pocket travelled to you on a Maersk vessel. Would you like to impact the daily lives of people in every corner of the world? Then keep reading. We are searching people that work with our assets, vessels & containers and help Maersk on our Internet of Things journey.
We offer
A unique opportunity for personal and professional development.•Be part of a large-scale system implementation, building a new IT platform for our ocean vessel fleet, the worldwide biggest container shipping fleet. •Managing a team of technical experts that are contributing to the new IT platform. •Get to interact with leading IT vendors, internal subject matter experts, and internal and external IT professionals.•A fast paced and dynamic environment with a distinct respect for the individual. •As part of the Industrial IT team will you get the chance to participate in more projects and set the direction for relevant areas. Industrial IT focuses on projects that deal directly with our assets, like vessels or containers.Maersk Headquarters at Esplanaden and the IT Headquarters at Dampfærgevej are highly international and inspiring environments with an attractive value proposition for the employees. As part of ensuring a successful work-life balance we promote flexible work-hours and the possibility to work from home when convenient. In connection with maternity leave, we pay for 12 weeks leave with full salary for men and 24 weeks leave for women. Our package consists of an externally benchmarked salary, pension scheme, insurance and 6 weeks holiday a year. You are also invited to participate in our abundant breakfast and lunch scheme and take advantage of our fully equipped in-house fitness centre at Esplanaden, as well as a number of other recreational offers.The preferred location for this position is Copenhagen, however depending on the candidate’s current location, Aarhus can be considered. You can expect occasional travel between these locations, up to one week per month. Further details about location can be discussed at the interview.
Key responsibilities
•Has responsibility for strategic planning and directing of IT delivery within the vessel modernisation area.•Acts as a single point of accountability for project work and delivery streams within the area of responsibility.•Has accountability for overall development of the function, organisation and delivery capabilities.•Directs and oversees IT portfolio of work or functional area, including leading and developing personnel.•Defines the organisation’s IT policies and procedures.•Develops, maintains, and monitors budget for the relevant area.•Drives continuous quality improvement for own and related areas.•Ensures reporting and documentation is completed as required by organisational standards.•Acts as escalation point for the area and handles escalations with vendors.•Evaluates best practice as well as new technologies/trends and recommends changes
We are looking for
•Gained +5 years of IT Management experience, ideally in different areas, project man-agement experience is relevant.•Experience in managing technical experts and to form teams.•Good communicator & people skills.•Stakeholder management skills.•Ability to communicate business benefits to all stake holders.•Strong process oriented approach to work and excellent attention to detail.•Analytical mind-set.•Resilient team player who is goal-orientated and demonstrates a high level of commit-ment with the ability to work under minimal supervision.•Excellent Written and Verbal skills with people at all levels across the organisation in English.•Focused on quality.•Computer Science, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering DegreeIn addition to above the suitable candidate has ideally:•Experience in the marine industry•Experience with Industrial IT infrastructure delivery from within or outside of projectsAs a performance-oriented company, we strive to always recruit the best person for the job – regardless of gender, age, nationality, sexual orientation or religious beliefs. We are proud of our diversity and see it as a genuine source of strength for building high performing teams]