[Would you like to create the ultimate user experience and engagement activities across a global organization? Then join us now for a unique opportunity to lead our internal User Centricity and Engagement and evangelize the discipline on a global level. 
Joining a global user engagement centre of excellence, you will manage, develop and retain a cross functional user engagement to develop and execute a pipeline of initiatives and activities on a global scale with the aim of enhancing the user experience in using IT tools and services.
You will join a team consisting of 7 team members with various experiences and skills, ranging from change management to analytics, training and communications.  
What are my responsibilities?You will be focusing on driving user centricity concepts for IT services and projects and collaborate closely with colleagues across the entire value chain to create remarkable user experience and satisfaction. By delivering user centricity expertise and owning best practice within user engagement development, you will:
· provide leadership and vision to the User Engagement centre of excellence· act as a global change agent by driving user-centricity change management· hold responsibility for developing and maintaining global aspects of User Engagement· drive identification, implementation and tracking of improvement activities that improve user satisfaction on a global scale· drive relentless pursuit of user-centricity and value delivery to the end users
You get the chance to have a positive impact on numerous colleagues and you will join a company where we invite you to think both strategically and creatively in everything you do. You will be challenged on your ability to create ultimate user experience and engagement that cover a vast array of user groups for our various IT services and platforms.
What do I need to qualify for this job?· You hold an education within any of the areas of Design, Business, Marketing or Information Technology· You have hands-on experience in leading and overseeing management of user experience and engagement projects· You hold a proven track record in working in multifunctional and virtual teams and processes and delivering change management and transformation · You have experience in leading multinational teams and external resource management and planning· A proven track record in leading user-centricity and Engagement activities Leadership, including end user satisfaction, support, experience and analytics· Experience in developing and implementing strategic plans· You possess excellent written/verbal English language skills, and any other languages will be perceived as beneficial· You are capable of energising a community to deliver strategic changes
In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated.
About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. 
Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at http://www.siemens.com/windpower. 
We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. 
By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. 
Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/.Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. 
For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. 
Deadline for applications: As soon as possible]