[What impact do you want to make?Would you like to make an impact, while evolving in a dynamic and inclusive culture founded on cooperation, curiosity and high ambitions? If so, Deloitte is the place for you! We acknowledge and fulfil your potential and offer you a strong professional network, where you can unfold your interests and passions.       Become a Risk Advisory GraduateBecome a member of one of the fastest growing risk teams in the Nordics and make an impact that truly matters – not only in regard to your own career, but also to the wider world of business, community and way beyond.Deloitte Risk Advisory is now hiring curious, creative, bold and talented consultants for our Graduate Programme. Risk Advisory is a multi-disciplinary function dealing with all aspects of risk and compliance, including cyber risk, internal audit, forensics, sustainability, technology risks and controls transformation.Risk Advisory is based in Copenhagen and consists of more than 300 professionals across the Nordics with a huge breadth of skills. We use advanced methodologies, technologies and deep expertise to solve our clients’ most complex risk challenges. Your teamOperational Risk helps organizations create a streamlined risk and control environment by considering each unique process situation and the impact that increasing regulation, changing governance standards, greater use of technology and globalization will have on organizational controls.Our clients face fluctuating financial and economic risks, new regulations, shifting technology and globalization of their business. We help them deal with these issues and succeed with their strategy. By means of thorough analysis, we help clients make informed, intelligent decisions that improve their opportunities. Your assignmentsWithin Operational Risk, you can become a graduate within either Assurance or Internal Audit.In Assurance, we primarily work with IT audit in connection with financial reporting at Deloitte’s own clients and preparation of audit reports for clients who handle housing and operation of systems and data for their clients. In this connection, we test the general IT controls of the applications and platforms (OS and DB) which are identified as relevant in connection with the company’s financial reporting.Our work comprises 1) close dialogue with Audit/the client in order to identify relevant applications and platforms, 2) planning the execution of the IT audit, 3) on-site testing of the general IT controls for the identified applications and platforms, 4) reporting in relation to our work and 5) ongoing sparring with the client regarding mitigation of identified weaknesses, if any, in their IT environment etc. In addition to this, we also prepare other types of reports such as reports in relation to the Danish Data Protection Act, etc. which are not used in connection with the financial reporting, but which concern compliance issues. Finally, we can also act as consultants for clients, who are not audit clients with Deloitte, and assist them with the design and implementation of general IT controls. The work as a consultant includes on-site work at the client’s premises performing detailed testing. Therefore, you must expect changing work locations, always with the Deloitte office as a base. We always work in teams consisting of a consultant, a manager and a partner. Sometimes we allocate two consultants to an assignment, but primarily, you must be prepared to work at the client’s premises alone.In Internal Audit, we work closely with decision makers across both the public and private sectors in Denmark and globally. Our projects range from strategic advice to practical projects, focusing on development, optimization, implementation and evaluation of the effectiveness of internal controls and internal auditing. Our projects aim at making our customers’ operations more effective through obtaining a better picture of their operational risks or through analysing already identified errors and preventing them from occurring in the future.We work with all levels of the organizations, and we obtain a deep insight into all aspects of the organizations we work with. Understanding the value chain, the individual processes and how the organizations are managed is essential to deliver advice and assess governance in the organizations we work with.Through our global network, we are constantly at the forefront of the development in these areas, and you are exposed to countless complex issues, where we expect you to actively contribute to the definition and delivery of solutions.Through our commitment and network, we contribute to the agenda within internal audit and internal control frameworks in Denmark and internationally.We believe in leadership at all levels. Therefore, we foster a culture that encourages you to take the lead on your specific development level.   Your qualificationsIn order to succeed, you have to be an ingenious and a natural problem solver. You understand the potential risks, and you help our clients understand them too. Therefore, you are an excellent communicator, you are great with people and you have a genuine interest in business and, of course, you are fond of numbers. In other words, you are the epitome of a business/management consul­tant.You will work across departments, on international assignments, and you will quickly be involved in client proposals and help produce key analyses and reports. We make sure that you get to grips with the latest models, methodologies, tools and frameworks so that you feel confident when approaching the client. If you dream of making a successful career, this graduate program is a good choice, because the future will scream for people with your skills and experience.You possess one or more of the following:A degree within the field of Business Administration, Legal, Economics, Accounting, Finance or Information Technology with great resultsRelevant work experience.If you are applying for Assurance, we furthermore hope, that:You are familiar with concepts such as OS (Operation System), application server and DB (database), including i.a. Windows server, SQL server, UNIX server and Oracle database. You do not necessarily need to be an expert in these areas, but it would be helpful to know a little bit about what they are and to have a natural interest in them.You have heard about/are acquainted with the ISO27001, CobiT and ITIL frameworks. Again, you do not need to be an expert in these areas, but it would be good if you have heard about them and if you know what they concern at a superficial level.Ability to work independently, but be a teammateStrong trouble solving, analytical and troubleshooting skillsStrong communication skills in Danish, as the primary language spoken at our clients is Danish and as our reporting is distinctly in Danish.If you are applying for Internal Audit, we furthermore hope, that: You are passionate about constantly growing and being at the forefront of the development in internal audit, compliance and internal controls.You enjoy being close to customers and establishing work relationships.You are able to quickly understand how activities and processes link to each other in a greater picture.You constantly want to learn how different organizations manage their operational risks.You think creatively and submit productive and effective solutions.You are dedicated and fully committed every time and in everything you do.Impact that mattersWe all aspire to fulfil our purpose – to make an impact that matters. Every single day. We measure our success by the quality, creativity, integrity and innovation in our solutions. Only the best is good enough. We do not just aspire to develop solutions. We wish to make an impact that makes a positive and crucial difference to the people around us, our clients and society as a whole. Contact and application Send us your application, your CV and other relevant documents by following the link below as soon as possible, as we will be conducting interviews on a continuous basis. Our Graduate Program starts on 13 August 2018. We process applications and arrange interviews continually. Hence, we recommend that you apply as soon as possible. You can read more about Deloitte at deloitte.dk and our Graduate Program here.]