[Are you interested in ensuring the successful implementation of customer solutions? Do you have experience in or a passion for ensuring effective data conversion and thus a solution that adds value in close co-operation with the customer? If the answer is “yes”, then you could be our new software developer for data conversion in health IT.
You will ensure stable data conversion for the customer The Citizen Record, Columna Cura, is the next generation of health care journals covering all of the municipal services for the elderly and those with disabilities. The combination of user-friendliness and decision support in a single IT solution gives the feeling that the system is a ”good colleague”.
As our new data conversion specialist in Cura, you will have the opportunity to influence the design of the process and software with regard to data conversion. One of your first tasks will be to help develop conversion software that ensures accurate data conversion from the customer’s existing IT systems to Cura in connection with “go-live”. You will work with and understand the customer’s data model in order to unpick the customer’s data structure and develop a good solution for the conversion of that data into Cura.
You will be involved in every phase of the project from identifying the customer’s needs, through development, and right up to implementation and ensuring that the solution works as it should. This means that as a data conversion specialist you will be in contact with the support team to help troubleshoot and fix any problems that arise after the implementation of our solutions with customers. Overall, you will play an important role in a large project in which effective communication with the customer and your colleagues is vital. The conversion will usually take place outside of normal working hours and will be a task that you will be involved in, so flexibility regarding your working hours is essential.
A true professional We challenge each other and ourselves in order to develop, we share knowledge about our processes, and we always look for ways in which to do things smarter. Together we build a culture that enables everyone to take the decisions that make sense in day-to-day life.
We equip you right, right from the start, and ensure that you have the tools and professional coaching and feedback you need to fulfil the customer’s expectations. You will have many opportunities in your day-to-day work to share your knowledge with like-minded colleagues.
Well-honed technical background You will have a background in engineering, computer science, or similar. We expect you to have practical experience and a special interest in data conversion. You have knowledge of and may have worked on developing software for major systems.
Experience in the following areas is an advantage:

Development of conversion software in Java EE
Customer dialogue and clarification regarding data conversion
Work with various databases and data structures
SQL-server, MySQL, MariaDB
JBoss Application Server
You enjoy customer contact and periods of variable working hours. You are structured and create a natural structure where it is lacking. You are able to keep many balls in the air at the same time and never take your eye off the big picture, even during more turbulent periods. You feel a strong sense of obligation in relation to your duties and understand the importance of seeing things through to the end. You have a robust personality and the ability to demonstrate patience and persistence at the same time.
You are good at familiarising yourself with customers’ work areas and needs. You can co-operate effectively and have well-honed communication skills, as communication with users and colleagues is a big part of your day-to-day work.
We work with security-classified projects, and therefore, you as an employee at Systematic need to have security clearance.
Have we not answered all of your questions?We continuously assess applications, as we wish to fill the position as soon as possible. Place of work is Aarhus. We look forward to hearing from you.]