[DTU Management Engineering at Technical University of Denmark invites applications for a position as Professor in Engineering Systems Design. The professor will be placed in the Engineering Systems Division (ES) as Head of Division. ES is one of six research divisions at the Department of Management Engineering.Research in the Division focuses on understanding and improving the ways in which engineering systems are designed, managed, and operated throughout their life cycles. The Division is growing fast and is characterized by a vibrant and supportive research environment with more than 30 people, presently seven permanent faculty, and strong research collaborations with leading universities and industry worldwide.The research field for this professorship is engineering systems design, with a focus on data-driven and network-based system modelling, human behaviour in system design, or a closely related theme. Industry application areas include healthcare and production. The position is part of a major effort in fostering research on complex socio-technical systems, i.e. engineering systems. This includes, promoting collaboration across the department, across DTU, and initiating further development of teaching within the field. Moreover, the professorship is positioned to take a lead role in shaping the internationally emergent field of engineering systems design and corresponding scientific societies and network associations, for example predominantly from engineering design, systems engineering, complex networks, or a closely related field.Responsibilities and tasksThe position involves research and teaching in engineering systems design at the highest international level. The professor must have a well-documented research record.The department considers it a strength to combine the development of new theory with focus on real-life applications. The professor is expected to support this working tradition through peer activities and participate in a team-oriented environment.The candidate is expected to have a proven track record of generating research funding from national and international (e.g. EU) sources. The successful candidate is expected to continue this work as well as further develop this role within the division.The position includes taking a leading role in developing and managing the Division, leading ongoing research projects and developing new research fields and alliances.You are expected to take a lead positon in research-based teaching. Teaching mainly includes contributions to the MSc in Design & Innovation and the MSc in Industrial Engineering & Management. You are also expected to participate in supervisory roles regarding the different student projects at DTU.Collaboration within the Department of Management Engineering and other departments and centres at DTU is expected—for example with DTU Compute, DTU Mechanical Engineering, DTU Nanotechnology and others, and in particular the Copenhagen Center for Health Technology (Cachet), for example to develop systems approaches to engineering better health and care. Furthermore, the new professor is expected to take a leading role in maintaining and further strengthening DTU’s international and national academic and industry networks and in nourishing project partnerships with universities and other centres of excellence around the world.As Head of Division, strong commitment to the overall development of the Department is also expected. The Head of Division becomes part of the Department leadership team and refers directly to the Head of Department.The successful candidate is expected to take a lead position in teaching at the BSc, MSc, and PhD levels. Candidates who do not speak Danish should be willing to learn Danish within the first two-three years in order to be able to teach in Danish.QualificationsWe expect candidates to have significant research, teaching, and leadership experiences in the field of engineering systems design.You have strong academic and leadership qualifications and documented experience, including: A high level of original scientific production at international level.In particular, a track record of scholarly research on engineering systems design, including human behaviour in design, complex networks, or a closely related area is expected.Designing and preparing successful applications for public or private funding of larger research project, including EU projects or equivalent.Research management, handling management assignments in national or international projects, research programmes, conferences etc.Supervision and guidance of PhDs, early- and mid-career faculty, and research teams in their career development and research groups in their strategic development.Since the candidate will be supervising research projects in the Division, excellent research skills are required with a proven ability to lead research projects, applying both qualitative and quantitative methods.Examining on PhD-level and at universities worldwide.Leading services to academic research communities, including e.g. associate editorship, editorial board membership, special issue editorship in leading journals, scientific lead as programme chair of conferences.Shown the ability to engage with industry and other professional communities, and successful in bridging academic, industry- and governmental stakeholder communities.The professor has outstanding didactic qualities, is an inspiring teacher and educational reformer.Leadership training with experience in academia or industry.AssessmentIn the assessment of the candidates, consideration will be given to Experience and quality of teaching and curriculum developmentResearch impact and experience, funding track record, and research visionSocietal impactDocumented innovation activities, including commercialization and collaboration with industryInternational impact and experienceLeadership and collaborationCommunication skillsStrong consideration will also be given to:Track record of leadership in managing research groups, including professional, personal, resource, and strategic managementExperience in managing a large research group and developing the academic profile of research groupsNational and international networks of academic, industrial, public and governmental institutions for further research and education at the Engineering Systems Division at DTUWe offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility.Salary and terms of employmentThe appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union.Further information Further information may be obtained from Acting Head of Department Professor Per Dannemand Andersen, +45 4525 4535, pean@dtu.dk.  You can read more about DTU Management Engineering on http://www.man.dtu.dk. ;Application procedure Please submit your online application no later than 9 April 2018 (local time). Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link ‘Apply online’, fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include: Application (cover letter) addressed to the PresidentCVA vision for future researchViews regarding teaching and research based on the ‘Assessment’ bulletsDocumentation of previous teaching and research based on the “Assessment” bulletsList of publications indicating scientific highlightsH-index, and ORCID (see e.g. http://orcid.org/)Diploma (MSc/PhD)Applications and enclosures received after the deadline will not be considered.All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, disability, race, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Management Engineering contributes actively to the development of management tools and optimization of processes by using and re-thinking theoretical engineering perspectives, models and methods. Through our research and teaching, we ensure an innovative, competitive and sustainable organization and use of technologies within areas such as energy and climate, transportation, production and health, both domestic and abroad. DTU Management Engineering has 340 employees; including an academic staff of 190 and 68 PhD students. More than 20% of our employees are from abroad and in all 38 different nationalities are represented at the department.DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation, and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.  ]