[DTU Food invite applications for a 3-year PhD candidature starting spring 2018. The project is part of a larger initiative to improve risk assessment of endocrine disrupting chemicals and thereby better safeguard human health. The project will have focus on characterizing mechanisms behind reproductive effects of early life exposure to endocrine disrupting chemicals. The successful applicant will become part of the Research Group for Molecular & Reproductive Toxicology headed by Dr Terje Svingen. The research group employs a broad spectrum of approaches, including in vivo rat studies, in vitro assays, and in silico modelling, alongside work concerning scientifically-based advice to regulatory authorities on chemical substances. Chemical exposure during development may have harmful effects on the reproductive system. For example, early life exposure to azole fungicides has been shown to affect reproductive development in both males and females. The aim of this PhD project is to obtain new mechanistic knowledge about how these effects arise and how different chemicals can induce various toxicity pathways with differing outcomes. Using the rat as model organism for human disease, the project will aim at better describing molecular pathways of endocrine disruption. Responsibilities and tasks The PhD student is expected to: •Carry out an independent research project under the guidance of the supervisors •Have previous experience with laboratory research relevant for the project as stipulated below (desirable qualifications) •Collect, manage and share research data between stakeholders •Be an active member of the research group, also contributing experimentally and intellectually to other projects •Write scientific articles and present his/her work the group and institute levels, as well as at national and international meetings •Complete courses required for completion of the PhD program at DTU •Undertake a research placement for 2-3 months abroad •Willingness and ability to collaborate in a multidisciplinary team not limited to the immediate research group Additional qualifications: Essentials •Excellent communication and organization skills •Strong English skills, both verbal and written •Be flexible and have the ability to work in a team environment •Available for national and international travels Desirables •Experience with animal studies and phenotype characterization •Experience in the fields endocrinology, physiology or toxicology •Molecular biology techniques; e.g. qPCR, Western blotting, immunohistochemistry, histology •Molecular imaging techniques, microscopy •Basic knowledge about principles such as 'chemical safety', 'predictive toxicology', 'effect biomarkers' •Experience with softwares such as Microsoft Office, GraphPad Prism (or similar statistics tools e.g. R), Adobe lllustrator/Photoshop Qualifications Candidates should have a master's degree in life sciences or a similar degree with an academic level equivalent to the master's degree in life sciences. Approval and Enrolment The scholarship for the PhD degree are subject to academic approval, and the candidates will be enrolled in one of the general degree programmes of DTU. For information about the general requirements for enrolment and the general planning of the scholarship studies, please see the DTU PhD Guide: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/PhD/Rules/PhDguide. Assessment The assessment of the applicants will be made by a panel consisting of the supervisors (Terje Svingen and Julie Boberg), Head of Division (Anette Schnipper) and at least one additional group member. We offer DTU is a leading technical university globally recognized for the excellence of its research, education, innovation and scientific advice. We offer a rewarding and challenging job in an international environment. We strive for academic excellence in an environment characterized by collegial respect and an academic freedom tempered by responsibility. Salary and appointment terms The appointment will be based on the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations. The allowance will be agreed with the relevant union. The period of employment is 3 years. You can read more about career paths at DTU here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/about/job-and-career/working-at-dtu/career-paths. Further information Further information may be obtained from Group Leader Terje Svingen +45 9351 8880 or from Head of Division, Anette Schnipper +45 3588 7523 You can read more about DTU Food at http://www.food.dtu.dk/english Application Please submit your online application no later than 3 April 2018 (local time). Applications must be submitted as one PDF file containing all materials to be given consideration. To apply, please open the link "Apply online", fill in the online application form, and attach all your materials in English in one PDF file. The file must include: •A letter motivating the application (cover letter) •Curriculum vitae •Grade transcripts and BSc/MSc diploma •Excel sheet with translation of grades to the Danish grading system (see guidelines and excel spreadsheet here: http://www.dtu.dk/english/Education/phd/Applicant/Pre_acceptance-1-) •List of 2-3 referees that may be contacted by the assessment panel during the interview process. Candidates may apply prior to obtaining their master's degree, but cannot begin before having received it. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Food (The National Food Institute) works within six technical focus areas: Biotechnology, nutrition, food quality, food safety, food technology and environment & human health. Activities cover a wide range of food products throughout the entire food chain from farm to table, comprising both research activities and research-based consulting and teaching. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government, and public agencies.]