[Outgoing and curious personality for Payment Infrastructure Services
The IT department “Payment Infrastructure Services” develops solutions both for banks and corporate market segment. We cooperate closely with the business to create innovative solutions for the end-user. We develop products and solutions within payment transfer and information areas and our solutions are parts of complex value chains. We have a high focus on agile development and solution design. This helps us to develop market leading systems with high operational stability.Our domicile is in Ballerup, Copenhagen. Some travelling must be expected however not expected to exceed 10 days annually.Passionate about Solution Architecture and building great products based on new technologies and frameworks?Nets core business is providing ecosystems to financial and critical transactions in the Nordic and Baltic countries.Payment Infrastructure Services are currently working on a MVP and this will be built with Micrososervices, Openshift, open API (WS02 which will be used as an extern gateway for monitoring services, receive files and will be used to be coded up against). Some of Payment Infrastructures existing environment will still be used but only as a data provider to the services/data via APIs.The developments cycles will be based on continuously test, deployment, delivery, release etc. principles - with the focal point of the DevOps delivery philosophy.It’s clear, that Nets and Payment Infrastructure Services are basing their architecture on Domain Architecture for the purpose to get a broad view of the systems. The philosophy is to have a partial representation of a whole system that addresses several concerns of several stakeholders.Preferred background and qualifications

Deep knowledge of application integration, RESTful and Open APIs and Spring framework,
Experience or deep interest as well as understanding for Domain Driven Design, Microservices and CQRS
Experience with data intensive applications, high availability solutions and DevOps, or other agile delivery methods (Scrum, Kanban, LEAN etc.), for design, estimate and development
You have higher education in Information Technology, however experience and personality are our first priority
Great English communication skills, oral and written. Mastering one other Nordic language is considered as a plus
You will play a key role in transforming the customer's requirements and needs into software solutions and tasks that the development team can understand and implement.Preferred personal qualitiesThe skills that are essential in everyday life as an architect for Nets:

Take the lead, share knowledge, and improve yourself and the team  
Customer focus and time to market
Excellent communicator, facilitator, and team motivator
Great understanding of development processes included end-to-end delivery value chain 
Your mindset reflects that you focus on solutions, not problems. You know your stakeholders and you have an eye for costumer capabilities and quality. You should want to do something new - also without a firmly defined gameplay every time. Not everything will be a requirement from start, so it also helps if you are creative, diligent and thinking out of the box thus also able to influence the solutions.In this position you will closely interact with several stakeholders (internal as well as external). And you will closely interact with the Enterprise Architect of Nets, to follow the guidelines, regulations, and compliance. You will also closely collaborate with the Solution Architects from other departments in a Business Unit Domain Board, to ensure the use of synergy and for the business to move in the same direction - Together.Your career driven by curiosity and customer insightsAt Nets, we are working towards realising a one-company approach to development, innovation and doing business, where you’ll be encouraged to think across borders and business areas to find new ways of merging our products, new technologies and market trends into innovative new solutions.We want to attract, develop and engage the best talents and you will be working with colleagues across the Nordics. Whether it is innovation or operation that makes you tick, our company structure allows you to build your own career and grow in a business that encompasses all aspects of the digital payment value chain. We work in a thriving environment characterized by team play and informality and with plenty of social activities within sports, culture and social network.Please send your application right now and at the latest at Sunday 8 April 2018.If you are interested in hearing more about this opportunity please contact Experis, Torben Morgengaard, E-mail: torben.morgengaard@dk.experis.com, Mobile +45 27780421This position will close when the right candidate is found.
 
At Nets, we specialise in powering digital payments. We connect banks, businesses and consumers via an international network facilitating digital payments. Spanning across the Nordic region, we provide a broad range of card services, account payment services and merchant payment solutions. We offer great payments, great ideas, great network - delivered by great people.
About 2,500 dedicated colleagues work at Nets throughout the Nordic region. As the backbone of the Nordic payments ecosystem with solutions touching people's everyday lives, we have experts in every field from law to heavy back-end programming. Our size and diversity opens up great opportunities for our employees to move forward in their careers and their skills and professional interest develop.
We believe that personal freedom is the key to a dynamic and innovative working environment. We therefore inspire people to think and act independently and creatively. Along with the individual freedom comes a strong tradition of teamwork. Working closely together across professions and borders is an essential part of our culture and a natural part of our complex services.
Read more at http://www.nets.eu.]