[About us:
We are Arvato! We design, deliver and differentiate customer service on behalf of some of the world’s most respected brands. Drawing on profound experience and know-how we deliver numerous services that you use every day: for example, every time customers book a flight, extend a phone contract, or ask a question about a purchase in an online shop, there is a good chance that we provide this service behind the scenes.
On the phone, by e-mail, live chat or via social media, we make sure that consumers and business clients are satisfied on five continents in more than 35 languages.
But most important for our success are our 45,000 employees at more than 100 locations, who add value for us and our clients as creative problem solvers. As part of the international Bertelsmann media group, we always pursue a long-term perspective.
Your challenge
Would you like to be part of an international team with good career opportunities in an internationally recognised company? Then start working for Arvato! More than 500 employees in Münster, Germany work in different departments providing professional assistance to our customers within Europe. Join our Danish Team to support business customers for inquiries about their contracts, account administration and general support.

Support of business customers via phone, email and chat
Operation of all functions of customized computer systems (telephone systems, databases, etc.)
Acquisition and maintenance of customer data and transaction data
Acquiring of comprehensive knowledge about products and processes
Some technical affinity desirable

Your profile:

Excellent Danish language skills (spoken and written) on native speaker level
Relocation Support
Additionally good English language skills
Service-oriented, patient and friendly manner
Professional communication skills and accordant soft skills (business customer oriented)
Good PC skills (usage of web-based tools and MS-Office)
Sufficient typing skills

What we offer:

Integration with an international team in a multicultural environment
Intensive induction period and product training from the outset
To work in a flexible shift system Great career opportunities
Corporate healthcare management (medical checkups, vaccinations etc.)
We support you in order to ensure a smooth beginning at Arvato in Münster (Relocation support)
We provide free German courses twice a week

We welcome all applicants who are willing to contribute to the diversity of our company.
Please send your CV including a covering letter, salary expectation and earliest possible starting date.]