[Would you like the opportunity to grow your communications and marketing skills while working as part of a fun, social, and international marketing team? Then look no further!Siteimprove is constantly growing and in need of a part-time, freelance copywriter based in Copenhagen to help us develop and optimize our paid advertising campaigns and online advertising to improve our conversion rates.The primary role of the copywriter is to drive our overall PPC (pay-per-click) content strategy together with the content team and our SEM specialist. The main objective is to create compelling content especially for our Google AdWords campaigns to drive traffic to our website and convert those website visitors into leads for sales. This person is a data- and content-driven web strategist with a journalistic eye who leverages both internal and external resources to support demand generation, marketing initiatives, prospecting efforts, and customer program needs. Other tasks might involve email content and other marketing-related content. The job is approximately 15 hours a week, and your workplace will be in our office in the heart of Copenhagen. You will become part of a great international marketing team who loves to work hard and play hard!Responsibilities:Create and promote PPC content to improve conversion ratesUtilizing SEO best practices to ensure Siteimprove is the expert and destination for companies seeking digital certaintyProvide quality assurance of all content deliverables (including proofreading) and maintain a consistent voice and tone throughout all digital channels and assetsEnsure all content clearly communicates customer focus, strong value propositions, and appropriate calls to actionDrive thought leadership through content creation of both internal and external assetsPerforms other related duties as assignedRequirements:Ability to work from the Copenhagen officeNative English speakerDegree in Journalism, English, Communications, Marketing, or related field, or any equivalent combination of experience and training that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities3+ years of experience, including at least 1 year in writing B2B marketing content for multiple channelsExperience writing PPC content for Google AdWords and/or paid social media, with a good understanding of the lead generation funnelActive blogger and user of social mediaIndustry knowledge of marketing to Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) or industrial sectorsProject management skillsWhat We Would Love About You You might have previous experience working in a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) company, but this is not a requirement. You enjoy working in an informal and social environment, where the pace can sometimes be high, but fun and exciting too!What You Will Love About Us Siteimprove transforms the way organizations manage and deliver their digital presence. Imagine the day where every aspect of your digital presence operates as intended: Your brand is consistent, errors are a thing of the past, and website issues are always prioritized. Most importantly, certainty is the norm. With Siteimprove by their side, more than 5,000 organizations around the world outperform the status quo every day.Siteimprove is a Danish-founded multinational company with over 450 employees worldwide. In addition to our corporate headquarters in Copenhagen, we have offices in Minneapolis, London, Berlin, Vienna, Amsterdam, Oslo, Sydney, and Toronto.We also offer amazing perks!Great and Inspiring Company Culture. We are passionate, innovative, and people-centric. Consistently named as a great place to work across the globe.Amazing Kitchen Staff. Our head chef and his kitchen staff cook delicious lunch for us every day. They offer the opportunity to buy food to take home at extremely reasonable prices.Outstanding Office Location. We are located in the heart of Copenhagen in the most beautiful building.Own Friday Bar. On the top floor we have our very own Friday Bar, and in the summer we have a cozy courtyard for barbecuing.Fitness Facilities. We have our own free-of-charge fitness room available to all employees at all times. Pulse and strength classes every week. We also have yoga once a month.Corporate Social Responsibility. We do various activities to be a good corporate citizen, and we are very proud to be a socially responsible company, internally and externally. Learn more about our CSR efforts.How to Apply Do you find this position exciting and believe you can bring the right mix of enthusiasm and skill to the role? Send your CV and a cover letter (in English) by clicking on the APPLY button.]