[Maersk Drilling’s Technical Organization is looking for an Engineer with experience in combining business acumen with strong analytical skills to solve business problems.   
We Offer  
The Maintenance & Material Management section in the Technical Organization is responsible for the full maintenance system of the Fleet Assets, including all major maintenance projects involving our existing fleet and for the development of our project management skills, ensuring that our project managers can deliver the leadership and support necessary to help run a first class fleet of drilling rigs around the world. The Technical Organization is currently in a process of realizing the benefits from a newly introduced ERP system.  As a Reliability Engineer in the Analysis & Optimization team within Maintenance & Material Management, you will be part of a team that supports our organization with both technical and economic analyses of maintenance activities.   
The team’s focus is supporting the business in achieving its strategic goals, and the new Reliability Engineer main responsibility will be to map our current reliability status, to identify areas of potential improvements and measure the impact of our actions.   
Our employees have a multitude of different technical backgrounds and nationalities and the organization is characterized by engagement, professionalism, trust and drive.  There are opportunities for individual achievement through team-work. Our working style is informal and focused, and our work environment is ambitious and exciting.   
In the role of Reliability Engineer you will be able to grow and develop within our global organization whether it is within Maersk Drilling in Copenhagen or abroad, or through other business units.   
You will be part of a truly international company with our employees representing 65 nationalities. Our strong focus on diversity is a natural outcome of a company with a strong talent focus, mindset and culture. This goes hand in hand with a commitment to inclusion: all employees are valued and treated with respect at all times and we believe that our employees thrive and perform better with a healthy work-life balance.   
Key Responsibilities  
As a Reliability Engineer your key areas of responsibility will be to:  

Design reliability analysis tailored to the business needs and the current quality of data  
Specify and suggest practical measures of how to improve data quality to enable more reliable analysis  
Ad hoc analysis to assist investigations on equipment breakdowns or trend in MTBUR  
You will work closely with other Engineers working with the same scope of work, and get the opportunity to engage with stakeholders in the entire Maersk Drilling organization, both onshore and offshore.  
Who we are looking for  
You have a theoretical background at a Masters or Bachelor level in Mechanical Engineering or Reliability Engineering, combined with experience within the offshore industry or major industries onshore. Experience with use of mathematical statistics is essential.   
You have excellent analytical skills, a natural ability to focus on details, thrive in cooperating as a part of a dynamic team and understand business requirements.   
It is natural for you to drive for finding explanations behind observations and you are comfortable with stakeholder management – also face-to-face.   
You have a strong focus on delivering quality in your work, you are well structured and systematic and you can maintain an overview while handling several activities in parallel.   
Company language and industry language in general is English and you must be able to communicate well in English - both verbally and in writing.   
You are able pass medical examinations and safety training applicable to non-regular crew as required for travelling to the offshore units.   
Please apply online as applications received via email will not be reviewed. 
For further information, please contact: Team Lead, Maintenance Analysis & Optimization, Lars Rasmussen, Lars.Rasmussen2@maerskdrilling.com.]