[Job Description
Are you an expert in demand planning? Can you plan production to secure optimal utilization of flow and resources? Then you might be the Production Planner we are looking for in Danfoss Residential Heating.As these two positions are a part of our global project; OneERP the positions will be limited to 18 months. Production planning and stock controlling for raw material, semi and finished goodsAs our new Production Outbound Planner, you will be responsible for deliveries to our customers at the right time and correct quantity, for one of our production lines in the factory. You are, together with our sales and operation planning (S&OP) managers and other colleagues locally and globally, responsible for optimizing our cooperation to ensure the fundament for a world class customer loyalty. Your key tasks will be: 


Planning sales and operation in SAP

Operational procurement of raw materials

Maintaining of production master data (new codes/deletions/changes)

Handling of forecast

Managing inventory

Following up on the daily production output (KPI’s)

Developing and optimizing processes (future setup)
 You will work closely with various internal and external stakeholders, such as, production technicians, engineering, quality, logistic, commercial teams, supervisors and the team coordinators on the production lines.Production planner with experience from an international environment You may have a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration or similar, but more importantly, you have some years of experience within supply chain or production planning. Knowledge of supply chain business processes, planning and controlling, and capacity planning is important. You have the ability to quickly understand production processes, planning and supply chain technical issues and their effect on overall production planning.We expect you to have good knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel intermediate level), and if you have experience or knowledge with SAP it is an advantage. On a more personal note, you are: 


Open-minded and a fast learner

Both a team player and self-driven

Used to working in an international environment

Good in communicating across all levels in an organization

Analytic and possess the ability to apply these skills to production planning
Last, but not least you are fluent in business English and Danish, both written and verbal.For further information about the position,Please contact, Senior Logistics Manager, Caspar Houborg Nielsen +45 2335 9878Please apply at your earliest convenience. We do not have an application deadline but accept applications as long as the job is posted.The position will be closed down once we have found the right candidate.
 
Auto req ID
12754BR
 
 ]