[Do you burn for automation? And to build a team of future automation engineers?Pick a point on a globe, and Maersk won’t be far away. With 90% of global trade carried by sea, there is a fairly high chance that the shoes on your feet or the phone in your pocket travelled to you on a Maersk vessel. Would you like to impact the daily lives of people in every corner of the world? Then keep reading.Be a part of a highly engaged team that works within a very agile environment delivering business value through automation. We are building a new automation support team with graduates and we need a person that can be the guiding light for this young team, both when it comes to delivering automation capability, but also in the work method and how you attack new challenges.
We offer
..a team that works with Continues Deployment automation in highly agile fashion, with a lot of energy and pride in our daily work.This will be new subteam with seasoned veteran leading a team freshly graduated IT people. So you will have autonomy to affect how the team will develop.We are a very international company, with colleges from all around the world.
Key responsibilities
You will have two different main domains.First one is to be the lead for a team of new automation engineers. Being their mentor, but with hands on capabilities.The second is the daily owner of our automation framework, ensuring best possible uptimes, right level of SLA support and that we have the right tools in place. So we can enable the development projects in the best way.When we say automation framework, it means:• Automate application specific configuration on Weblogic• Build and deploy using maven• Automation tooling enablement• Implement support for automatic testing• Working with / supporting members of the various project teams• Automate all we can think of • Idea creation and realization of tooling to enable ‘stop the line’ mentality• Continually working on new solutions that drive team empowerment• Improving the CI / CD pipeline
We are looking for
We would like to hear from you if you can demonstrate a good track record of the following:• Core understanding of CI/CD/DevOps/automation..• Alignment with our values.• Ambition and drive to excel together with others.• An international mind-set and inclusive behavior.• Eagerness to constantly learning new things within our domain.• International mobility and willingness to travel.• An excellent command of spoken and written English.• Know how to communicate with vendors.• On the technical side, this is some of the technologies we are looking for:• Linux• Ansible• Python based web development• Docker• Orchestration tooling experience, e.g. Kubernetes• Database experience, particularly Oracle• Modern Java ecosystem• Automation• Good networking knowledge• Source Control (GIT)]