[Maersk is going through times of unprecedented change. As we aspire to secure sustainable growth of our businesses, we are rethinking the way we engage with both customers and partners, and the new Digital organisation plays a key part in enabling the company’s journey.Join us in Transport and Logistics - Digital as we innovate, prototype and industrialize digital products to drive growth and lead the market. If you are passionate about working in an entrepreneurial environment developing new products that engage and provide enhanced customer experience; keep reading.
 
We offer
Reporting into Head of Data Science and AI, this position offers the unique opportunity to develop and apply your cutting-edge knowledge of data science-related methods and tools to create results and insights that will accelerate the transformation of our business model, and to work with business specialists across Maersk Group. The Data Science and AI team is committed to extracting patterns and insights from data by the application of domain expertise, tools and technology, and is specialized in statistical modeling, forecasting, optimization and machine learning. The team is at the forefront of developing industry leading solutions & analytical applications for the Maersk T&L organization. This is an extremely exciting time to join a fast paced, growing and dynamic team that solves some of the toughest problems in the industry and builds the future of trade & logistics. At Maersk, we focus on the individual’s development and the right candidate will have broad possibilities to further develop competencies in an environment characterised by change and continuous progress Find out more about Maersk Digital at http://www.maerskdigital.io ;
 
Key responsibilities
As a Data Scientist you will participate in various projects with strong support from fellow dedicated team members, to influence business decisions, drive digital transformation at one of the largest companies in the world. Your responsibilities will be to: • Identify commercially valuable insights from mathematical or statistical treatment of data and operationalize them into business applications • Participate in analytics projects, extract value and create actionable recommendations • Partner with businesses and internal/external stakeholders, as necessary We are currently hiring for the following areas: • Pricing: Millions of prices are generated every week at Maersk. As part of a larger revenue optimisation team, you will contribute to building new pricing models, exploiting dynamic mechanisms and contextual knowledge, in close relationship with Pricing Managers. • Forecasting: As part of a larger revenue optimisation team, you will work on delivering daily predictions of demand across Maersk Line's network carrying millions of tons of cargo every single day between more than 300 ports in 120 countries. • Predictive Maintenance: Working in the area of Asset Performance you will analyse IoT data in order to optimise the uptime of Maersk's many assets, from quay cranes to vessels.
 
We are looking for
• 2+ years of relevant experience • M.Sc. or PhD degree in statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, computer science or related field• A good team player, balanced with the autonomy and motivation to produce individually• Someone who is open to new ideas and has a deep curiosity for the stories data can tell.• Ability to communicate data science results to business stakeholders• Fluent proficiency in both written and oral English • Experience using Python and/or R, SQL for data manipulation and modelling.DesirableProven expertise in one of the following areas• Pricing (e.g. data analysis, stochastic optimisation, inventory control, revenue management), • Forecasting (e.g. data engineering, statistical modelling),• Predictive Maintenance (e.g. IoT data, time series analysis, streaming data, Apache Spark) ]