[The Department of Information Studies, Faculty of Humanities, University of Copenhagen (UCPH), Denmark, invites applications for a 2-year postdoctoral position in Information studies to be filled by May 1, 2018 or as soon as possible thereafter.   Job content  The post doc position will support the department’s research agenda and will join at least one of the research groups in the department. It is expected that the post doc will take an active part in the development of the research culture and contribute to the department’s educational programs.   The post doc will conduct research that address the following challenge: Informational privacy and data protection regulations are often conceptualized as the ability to control and/or restrict access to personal information. However, given new information practices, algorithmic data processing, personalization, and digital media logic it remains unclear what constitute personal information/data today. This post doc project will explore the conceptual and philosophical foundation for contemporary information/surveillance society and develop new theoretical constructs for understanding information and data practices, protections, and regulation.   Qualification requirements  In order to be considered for the position applicants must have research qualifications at least corresponding to what can be achieved as part of a successfully completed PhD within a relevant field.   For further information about the position, please contact Head of Department Jens-Erik Mai, email: jemai@hum.ku.dk, phone: +45 93 56 59 80 or Deputy Head of Department Camilla Moring, email: camilla.moring@hum.ku.dk, phone: +45 53 59 96 92.   For further details about the qualification requirements for postdocs, please refer to the job structure for academic staff:  Application  The application must be submitted online in Adobe PDF or Word format.   ZIP-files cannot be uploaded.   Please click on the “Apply now” icon at the bottom of the page.   The application must be written in English and include the following enclosures:   • Application letter/cover letter  • Curriculum vitae (with applicant’s e-mail address & telephone number)  • Documentation of qualifications (examination certificates/PhD diploma, etc.)  • Complete and numbered list of publications. The enclosed publications must be marked with *.  • Research plan, including a short description of previous research and a plan for the coming years that includes an account of how the applicant will contribute to the deliverables in the project description.  • Project proposal and documentation of teaching qualifications and research dissemination, if any.  • Publications. Applicants may choose a maximum of three publications for assessment. Publication dates must be clearly marked on the publication list. The publications selected must be uploaded as attachments and listed from 1 to 3.   Should any material submitted consist of work with named co-authors, or work that is otherwise the result of collective academic endeavours, the extent of the applicant’s contribution to the work must be clearly stipulated. The Faculty may ask for a signed statement from the co-authors stipulating the extent and nature of each individual’s contribution.   Only material in Danish, Norwegian, Swedish and English can be expected to be assessed.   All material will be shredded at the end of the appointment procedure.    Appointment procedure  After the application deadline, the Head of Department selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Appointment Committee. All applicants are then immediately notified whether their application has been accepted for assessment. The Dean subsequently appoints an expert assessment committee tasked with carrying out an assessment of the selected applicants for the specific post. Selected applicants are notified of the composition of the committee. Applicants are ultimately offered the opportunity of commenting on the part of the assessment relating to themselves before the appointment is finalized.   Applicants will be continuously informed about the progress of the procedure by e-mail.   Further information about the application procedure is available from HR officer Mette Christensen; hum-jur-teo@hrsc.ku.dk Salary and conditions of employment  Terms of appointment and salary will be in accordance with an agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC). The salary range starts at DKK 33,000 (EUR 4,433) + a 17,1 % contribution to the pension scheme. It is possible to negotiate salary supplements on an annual basis.   The Danish Ministry of Finance and the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC) have further agreed on a protocol that makes it possible for international researchers employed by the University to achieve a pension exemption, whereby the pension contribution will be paid out as salary. For more information about the different pension schemes, please see our website:  A special tax scheme is offered to researchers recruited abroad, here:  If you consider applying from abroad, you may find useful information on how it is to work in Denmark and at UCPH.   See also : http://ism.ku.dk, http://www.nyidanmark.dk/en-us/frontpage.htmand https://www.workindenmark.dk  UCPH wishes to encourage everyone interested in this post to apply, regardless of personal background.   The closing date for applications is 23.59 CET, April 3rd 2018.   Applications or supplementary material received thereafter will not be considered.    ]