[Can you elevate Arla’s food innovation to the next level? Now is your chance to show it. At Arla’s new established Innovation Centre in Aarhus, Denmark you will be part of a committed team, working daily to create the future of dairy by developing new dairy products and technologies. It is our goal to be at the forefront of dairy product development and match consumer needs worldwide. Right now, we are launching more and more products, and the ability to contribute with original ideas and products for the consumers is more crucial than ever.
Pre-testing tomorrow’s dairy productsAs Food Technician, you will be the prime mover for completing pilot scale testing of a wide range of dairy products. This means that you will associate with both external and internal stakeholders to ensure strong collaboration. To be more specific, you will:

Perform pre-test within a wide variety of product and technology areas
Contribute to the preparation of the test proposal and help plan the trials
Act as gatekeeper for projects in the pilot plant from A-Z
Be responsible for the practical execution of the trials along with the rest of the team
Showcase prototypes within Innovation community
Document trials and report on observations and raw data
Using available IT-systems
Secure a safe, lean and efficient Plant Plant
Share knowledge with global pilot plants in Arla
You will be part of an innovative and creative environment in which you will get the opportunity to handle many different development tasks and unit operations. The position entails a wide contact surface both internally in the department and at the operation sites.
Technical insight and food comprehensionYou are a trained Dairy Technician or Process Technologist, or you possess relevant work experience from the food industry. Furthermore, you have solid understanding of technical contexts and are used to handling equipment and processes. It is an advantage if you have experience within membrane filtration or UHT.
As your trials will determine, which products end up in the customers’ baskets, it is important that you act responsibly particular around food safety. Apart from working at our pilot plant in Århus, you will occasionally work at dairies and at our satellite pilot plants and it is vital that you are flexible and possess sound cooperation skills. You navigate smoothly in a project-oriented environment with many tasks and deadlines using your knowledge, commitment and creativity. We expect you to succeed in continuously improving what we do and how we do it and thereby contributing to the development of the pilot plant and the team. You master both written and oral English.
Application and contactWe process applications on a continuous basic and close the job opening once the right candidates has been found.]