[Falcon.io is looking for a Swedish/Norwegian/Dutch speaking Sales Associate in Copenhagen, focusing on the Nordic & Benelux markets!We are a maturing startup that's not small anymore, and we are still growing, but we've retained our startup ethos of encouraging autonomy, ambition, boldness and experimentation. Working at a startup is a very rewarding choice, but it also requires a certain personality. We value open people who take initiative and aren’t afraid to fail, learn from mistakes, adjust, and try new things.
As a Sales Associate on the Nordic market, you are a driven, passionate, team player who is excited about using your social media knowledge to attract potential clients, and engaging decision makers and influencers over the phone. You're excited by the prospect of representing one of the top preferred social media management tools, and want to become an expert on the Falcon product, helping clients all around the world.
What you have:


Engage with prospective clients through outbound calls and social media channels
Maintain a healthy pipeline coverage
Collaborate with Account Executives to determine a strategy for generating opportunities
Meet and exceed quarterly new business targets
Create profiles for inbound and outbound leads - map organizational structure, identify new contacts & key business issues
Track and document prospecting activities (e.g. opportunity qualification) in our CRM
What we are looking for:


Ability to effectively communicate an enterprise level solution 
Fluency in English, and a native speaker in either Swedish, Norwegian or Dutch
Determination and drive to succeed
Ability to thrive in a performance oriented international environment with short sales cycles
Successful experience in a new business generation/inside sales role is an advantage
What we offer:


A competitive salary package with a solid base and a commission model that is designed to ignite you
Pension and health insurance
Catered lunch, and healthy (and not so healthy!) snacks & drinks
A thorough on-boarding programme and in-house sales training giving you the skills you need to succeed 
A self-driven, high-performance culture
Tons of responsibility and excellent career prospects
Open, informal, and multinational working environment
Friday bars and other regular social events
Nice and central location in Copenhagen (Rooftop BBQs and Summer lunch-break swims guaranteed)
Fussball, ping pong, and air hockey tables & a VR!
About Falcon.io
Falcon.io provides a unified SaaS platform for social media listening, engaging, publishing and managing customer data. We enable our clients to explore the full potential of digital marketing by managing multiple customer touch points from one platform. Our platform has already achieved great international traction in the market, with its technology endorsed by partnerships with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
Founded as Falcon Social in Copenhagen in 2010, we now also have offices in New York City, Berlin, Budapest and Sofia. We’re a highly diverse team, and we’re always looking for passionate and curious people who want to be part of a fast-paced, high-energy environment.For any questions regarding this position, please write us on jobs@falcon.io.]