[Do you have a passion for Embedded Software Development? And do you thrive at developing market leading sports technologies?If so, an exciting position in our Embedded Software Team is now open.TrackMan is experiencing tremendous growth and is expanding its SoftwareTeam to keep up the developments, production, and deployment of our marketleading sports tracking solutions. Our products are developed on embeddedLinux in x86 and ARM environments and microprocessors., and we are thereforeseeking an experienced, highly motivated Software Developer.Are you our new embedded software developer?You will be working closely with our in-house R&D software and hardwareengineers, mobile application, and management teams. You will have theopportunity to engage with various technologies, such as sensors for radar andvision data, external interfaces (Ethernet & USB), different internal interfaces,and sensors like hall sensors and inclinometers. What will you be doing?- Development of software components that are generic, scalable and re-useable.- Programming of Linux kernel and SW/HW drivers for both x86 & ARMplatforms.- Programming of Linux user code in C/C++.- Python scripting.- Programming of timing critical code for real-time processors.- Programming of code for house holding microprocessors.- Continuous integration and automatic module testingWhat are we looking for?- Master or BSc in Software Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent.- Experience in C and C++ programming- Experience in real-time microprocessor development- Experience in Linux environment (kernel and drivers)- Experience in Python scripting- Experience with network protocols & interfaces such as USB 3.1, Ethernet andWiFi- Experience with software architecture and technologies- Knowledge in OOD, Agile development, Scrum, Unit Testing, and DesignPatterns and Continuous Integration- Knowledge to Open Source Components- Knowledge of GNU tools. So what does TrackMan do? TrackMan develop, manufacture and sell 3D sports ball measurement systems and our technologies have disrupted the way athletes practice to maximize their performance. With our technologies, both coaches and players can analyze performance with unprecedented precision and insight. We operate in sports verticals spanning from golf, football, tennis, and soccer, to more distinctive disciplines like the Olympic Game’s hammer throw and shot put. Common for them all is their demand for instant, accurate and reliable data on performance. Today, TrackMan is considered to be the world leader in sport ball measurement and the company has already set the industry standards for accuracy in both golf and baseball.  Join a great company! TrackMan’s blend of sports, cutting-edge technology and strong growth make it a unique work place. Our pioneering and entrepreneurial spirit questions the status quo, and we strive to remain customer-centric while pursuing our ambitious goals. The work culture is informal, yet rewarding as you will collaborate with some of the best brains in Denmark in the areas of algorithms, radar technology, computer vision, software development, coding, embedded software and hardware development. TrackMan's state-of-the-art technologies are conceptualized, engineered and developed by combining engineering know-how with an embracing and an ever-diversified pool of cultures and talents. TrackMan A/S is a privately held Danish company established in 2003. We are 180 people worldwide, of which 100 work at our headquarters in Vedbæk where this position is also based. Apply now!  If you would like to work in an environment with great technologies, great sports,and great colleagues, please send your application (cover letter, CV and references) as soon as possible. Interviews are taking place on an ongoing basis. Forfurther information, please contact René Bødtker at +45 4574 4752.Work location is at our headquarters in Vedbæk, about 20 km north ofCopenhagen.We look forward to hearing from you.]