[Pick a point on a globe, and Maersk won’t be far away. With 90% of global trade carried by sea, there is a fairly high chance that the shoes on your feet or the phone in your pocket travelled to you on a Maersk vessel. Would you like to impact the daily lives of people in every corner of the world? Then keep reading.We want you to be a part of the a highly engaged team that works within a very agile environment delivering business value through automation. We are recruiting for passionate people fresh out of university, who have an interest in delivering automation capability to our development teams. This is the career for self starting enthusiastic graduates!
We offer
A team that works with Continuous Deployment automation in highly agile fashion, with a lot of energy and pride in our daily work. You will be part of a new subteam with seasoned veteran leading and mentoring new IT graduates. This is a real opportunity for you to be able to affect how the team will be shaped in the future. Maersk not only are a truly international company, we also have colleges from all around the world in our team locally.
Key responsibilities
You will go all in and do your absolute best. Together with your colleagues you will execute strategies to reach the business objectives of your team.Further, as Junior Automation Engineer in our Continues Deployment team you will:• Automate application specific configuration on Weblogic• Build and deploy using maven• Automation tooling enablement• Implement support for automatic testing• Working with / supporting members of the various project teams• Automate all we can think of• Idea creation and realization of tooling to enable ‘stop the line’ mentality• Continually working on new solutions that drive team empowerment• Improving the CI / CD pipeline
We are looking for
We would like to hear from you if you can demonstrate the following:• Master’s level education in Business or other relevant discipline.• Alignment with our values.• Ambition and drive to excel together with others.• An international mind-set and inclusive behaviour.• Eagerness to contantly learning new things within our domain.• International mobility and willingness to travel.• An excellent command of spoken and written English.On the technical side, this is some of he technologies we are looking for:• Linux• Ansible• Python• Automation• Source Control (GIT)As a performance-oriented company, we strive to always recruit the best person for the job – regardless of gender, age, nationality, sexual orientation or religious beliefs. We are proud of our diversity and see it as a genuine source of strength for building high performing teams.]