[Key Responsibilities: Brilliantly educate developers and evangelize Microsoft’s technology through in-person presentations, technical deep dive demo sessions, hands on hack days, app architecture workshops, large events and online web conferences.
 
Work directly with our customer’s and/or Partners decision makers, architects, and development teams to kick off mobile projects 
 
The Intelligent Cloud Team is seeking a Mobile Apps Innovation Global Black Belt (Engineer/Architect) to help win new enterprise developers with compelling digital transformation scenarios, showcasing our cloud and mobile platform as the market leading app innovation solution for business transformation. Microsoft’s Xamarin cross platform mobile development is one of the fastest growing, most exciting technologies on the planet.
 
Mobile Apps Global Blackbelts represent the most capable mobile application developers across the globe, delivering native mobile application experiences for enterprise clients throughout the world. We are currently looking for a talented customer facing mobile developer / engineer with significant Azure experience together with a passion for Mobile apps.
 
The role will focus on driving business transformation for our customers on Advanced Azure technology such as AI, Data, IoT and Cloud Application Development, applied to mobile. Working closely with our most strategic customers, providing the thought leadership, guidance, and expertise needed to deliver successful mobile projects using Azure and Xamarin. Successful candidates are multidimensional developers and client facing leaders that love to architect, build and optimize exciting mobile apps across every single industry around the world.
Responsibilities
Key Responsibilities • Brilliantly educate developers and evangelize Microsoft’s technology through in-person presentations, technical deep dive demo sessions, hands on hack days, app architecture workshops, large events and online web conferences • Work directly with our customer’s and/or Partners decision makers, architects, and development teams to kick off mobile projects • Drive Azure adoption and new customer acquisition efforts by identifying and driving win scenarios for cloud-connected mobile apps • Review code and project deliverables providing best practice guidance and recommendations on performance, code quality, and industry best practices • Troubleshoot applications to help our customers diagnose and fix bugs and performance issues • Rapidly prototype and create proof of concepts to demonstrate key application features and help our Partners win projects • Successfully drive the win rate within assigned Mobile Applications opportunities through the technical sales engagements (Technical Briefings, Trials, POCs, Architectural Design Sessions, etc.) • Work closely with the core Azure engineering team to understand and perfect the latest features and technologies • Successful candidates will have great communication and relationship-building skills, will be customer/partner focused, action oriented, deal well with ambiguity, think strategically, and be a self-starter. • A successful candidate should also be able to deliver persuasive presentations to both technical and business decision makers, have strong virtual teaming abilities, have exceptional leadership skills, and a strong commitment to customer service and business justification.
Qualifications
Education, Key Experiences, Skills and Knowledge: Professional • 4+ years of Mobile and Azure application development experience along with demonstrable examples of developing and deploying mobile apps (iOS, Android, Windows Phone, Kony, ReactNative etc); Xamarin experience is preferred. • Able to work cohesively with members of the Microsoft sales & services field, Microsoft partners, and Microsoft corporate sales, engineering, and marketing • Experience in a customer facing technical pre-sales and/or consulting role delivering projects to end clients strongly preferred • Exceptional teaming, communication and presentation skills; comfortable communicating highly technical concepts to executives and developers alike; • Passion for helping other developers succeed by sharing your knowledge, experience, and dedication to helping them solve their problems. • Ability to quickly diagnose and resolve memory, performance, or size issues in complex mobile applications • Experience building iOS and Android apps using Objective-C, Swift and Java; experience creating and consuming complex bindings to expose both iOS and Android libraries to C#; • Strong understanding of supplementary technology areas such as app distribution tools (HockeyApp) and test automation frameworks (Espresso/Appium/UITest) • Knowledge of the mobile ecosystem including MDM is a plus Education • Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field • Certifications in Azure technology preferred • Fluency in English. Fluency in other languages is not essential but could be advantageous.
 
At Microsoft, we believe that diversity enriches our performance and products, the communities where we live and work, and the lives of our employees. As our workforce evolves to reflect the growing diversity of our communities and the global marketplace, our efforts to understand, value, and incorporate differences become increasingly important. Come explore diversity at Microsoft! Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity. Join an international work environment that is characterized by flexibility, an informal atmosphere, and a fast pace. We offer competitive pay and a wide range of benefits. Microsoft acknowledges your performance by investing in your health and financial future and by ensuring your work-life-balance. Microsoft’s privacy statement can be viewed on the following web page: https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement]