[Copenhagen Business School invites applications for an Endowed Chair/Professorship in Industrial Foundation Governance at the Center for Corporate Governance (CCG), which is a part of Department of International Economics and Management (INT). CCG is one of the leading corporate governance centers in Europe. Our research and teaching activities focus on ownership structures (including industrial foundations), board work, and GRC (Governance, Risk and Compliance). “Industrial foundations” is an academic term for foundations that own companies. Other terms widely used terms are corporate foundations or typically, the foundations are charitable but they also play an important role as “business owners” or “enterprise foundations”. The structure is common in Northern Europe, particularly in Denmark, and poses special challenges and opportunities for corporate governance. For example, industrial foundations often aim to be responsible, long-term owners, but may be constrained by limited access to external finance. Previous research in the area is summarized in the homepage of the center’s research project on industrial foundations (http://www.tifp.dk). The endowed chair in Industrial Foundation Governance – which is funded by the Novo Nordisk foundation – will undertake research and teaching on industrial foundation governance at a high international level while promoting knowledge of the industrial foundation model outside of Denmark. The chair is expected to maintain and develop global research leadership in the area, which involves mentoring younger researchers, data collection and data access, organization and participation in international conferences, seminars and workshops. In accordance with CBS research policy, the chair is guaranteed freedom of research within the research area in question. Examples of research that the professor might cover is value creation, corporate responsibility, long-termism, active ownership, board roles and compensation policies. Most of these issues are of general concern to businesses around the world, but they play a special role in industrial foundations and foundation-owned companies. INT is an interdisciplinary department with a strong track record in corporate governance, international economics and international business. It is essential that the candidate is able to provide a significant contribution to the department’s distinct research profile. The position is a permanent full Professorship with both research and teaching obligations. It is our ambition to be in the international frontline in both fields; to publish our research results in leading international journals; to maintain an excellent research environment; to seek synergy between research and teaching, and to have a strong partnership with the business community. Successful applicants must have a strong record of research publication, teaching experience and interaction with external stakeholders. The candidate must be capable of providing dynamic leadership in the development of research and teaching, in securing external research funding, and in establishing strong ties with the business community. To fulfill the research requirements of the position, the applicant chosen is expected to be physically present on a regular basis and actively participate in the teaching and research activities as well as maintaining and establishing broad links across CBS and the international research community. Responsibilities Personal research meeting high international standards, including responsibility for publishing, scientific communication and research-based teaching. The academic development of discipline should be perceived as Center of Excellence Research management, initiation of research projects, supervision of PhD students, international research co-operation, reviewing for academic journals. Research education and further training of researchers, supervision of assistant professors and assessment committee work. Teaching and associated examination in existing CBS programs, including Executive Education. Promoting CBS’s academic reputation Initiating, fund raising and coordinating research projects when required. Promoting the teaching and research capabilities of Copenhagen Business School and other relevant assignments at Copenhagen Business School. Communicating findings to the public in general and to CBS’s stakeholders in particular. Active participation in the regular research activities, such as research seminars, workshops and conferences. Resources The professorship is endowed with secretarial support and research assistance which enable the successful candidate fulfill the various functions in research management, teaching and dissemination without loss of research momentum. Qualifications Candidates must document a high degree of relevant, original and up-to-date scientific publications at an international level (including a significant number of publications in so-called A-level journals) and previous publications within the area of industrial foundation governance. Candidates must also be able to document ability to undertake research management experience, pedagogical qualifications, educational innovation and research dissemination. They should have a large international research network and be able to cross-disciplinary work in foundation governance, foundation law and managerial economics. CBS emphasizes the candidate’s ability to establish productive contacts with the business community. The applicant must have professional proficiency in English (written and spoken), and any other languages would be a benefit. Copenhagen Business School has a broad commitment to the excellence, distinctiveness and relevance of its teaching and research programs. Candidates who wish to join us should demonstrate enthusiasm for working in an organization of this type (highlighting, for example, relevant business, educational and dissemination activities). Furthermore, in the application letter, we expect the applicant to reflect on the core values of the Department of International Economics and Management, which are described on our home page. For further information please contact Jens Gammelgaard, Head of Department, tel.: +45 3815 2512, e-mail jg.int@cbs.dk, or Lars Ohnemus, Director of CCG, tel. +45 51 24 18 75, e-mail lco.int@cbs.dk. Information about the department may be found at http://www.cbs.dk/en/research/departments-and-centres/department-of-international-economics-and-management and athttps://www.cbs.dk/en/research/departments-and-centres/department-of-international-economics-and-management/center-corporate-governance. The appointment will be made on contractual terms corresponding to a salary grade 37 plus a personal allowance. Application Applications must be submitted via the electronic recruitment system, using the link below. Application must include: A statement of application. Proof of qualifications and a full CV. Documentation of relevant, significant, original research at an international level, including publications in the field’s internationally recognized journals and citations in the Social Science Citation Index and/or Google Scholar. Documentation of teaching qualifications or other material for the evaluation of his/her pedagogical level. Please see guidelines for teaching portfolios. Information indicating experience in research management, industry co-operation and international co-operation. A complete, numbered list of publications (indicating titles, co-authors, page numbers and year) with an * marking of the academic productions to be considered during the review. A maximum of 10 publications for review are allowed. Applicants are requested to prioritize their publications in relation to the field of this job advertisement. Copies of the publications marked with an *. Only publications written in English (or another specified principal language, according to research tradition) or one of the Scandinavian languages will be taken into consideration. Recruitment procedure The Recruitment Committee will shortlist minimum two applicants; when possible five or more applicants will be shortlisted. The shortlisted applicants will be assessed by the Assessment Committee. All applicants will be notified of their status in the recruitment process shortly after the application deadline. The applicants selected for assessment will be notified about the composition of the Assessment Committee and later in the process about the result of the assessment. Once the recruitment process is completed each applicant will be notified of the outcome of their application. Copenhagen Business School must receive all application material, including all appendices (see items above), by the application deadline. Details about Copenhagen Business School and the department are available at http://www.cbs.dkClosing date: 15 April, 2018.]