[Are you a Full-Stack Open Source-oriented developer of web-based solutions? Do you want to be part of a development and operations team anchored at one of Europe’s most ambitious research libraries? The total number of all research publications ever published since 1860 within STM reaches roughly 200 million. Unique in our domain, DTU Library maintains a local copy of metadata descriptions of all of them (and local PDF copies for about 10 percent). We are using this to develop and operate a cutting-edge digital library service for our users. As our newest Full-Stack Developer, you will join our Library Systems team of developers, ops and project coordinators. We are a team of 13 dedicated colleagues, and DTU Library has 45 employees in total. Together, we push the limits for how a modern digital research library serves its users. As a team, we are jointly responsible for maintaining the two primary digital library components: The Library Services Platform & Discovery Service (DTU FindIt: http://findit.dtu.dk/) and the DTU Research Database (DTU Orbit: http://orbit.dtu.dk/). We are also responsible for supporting adjacent systems, applications and the necessary infrastructure beneath these services—an infrastructure designed to meet the demands for scale, throughput, performance and elasticity. The job You will be working with creating, improving and sustaining our services for our users. Optimization—often at a scale outside what is usually described in textbooks—is a common part of this. Adjusting the content and/or configuration of our Apache Solr instance (currently loaded with approximately200 million documents), while not losing service, is not an uncommon subtask. Our team combines a balanced mix of skills, and teamwork is essential to our everyday activities. Collaboration with stakeholders at multiple levels is key to our success. You will interact with colleagues from other teams, library management and often external colleagues anchored at international and national partners. The environment We develop and operate web applications enabling our users to service themselves to the largest extent possible and interface with our librarian-based support services when they cannot. Enabling easy discovery (search and delivery) in the global corpus of relevant literature is a large part of this. Our technical environment is local and dominated by Open Source software, typically developed in collaboration with communities of likeminded university libraries in Denmark and abroad. We currently use Ruby on Rails, Blacklight, Apache Solr, Hydra, Fedora Commons, Java, Debian GNU/Linux supplemented with Pure, SFX and EZProxy. We have a strong focus on continuous integration/delivery and automation, currently using tools and technologies such as Docker, Puppet, Gitlab, and Redmine. Primary areas of responsibility You will: •Work with your closest colleagues to develop and maintain existing web-based services and bring about new ones, ensuring the highest quality experience for our users •Apply best-practice web virtues, web methodologies, and web technologies to our applications •Be part of our journey to transform today’s infrastructure and solutions exposing predominantly bibliographic objects to support the rapidly emerging phenomena in the Open Science of tomorrow (Research Data, Linked Open Data, etc.) •Utilize your experience in collaboration with other teams to take our web-based service to the next level •Work with and keep yourself updated on trends and developments in Open Source, Search and other library-relevant technologies and methodologies Our expectations We expect you to: •Be a skilled and experienced Ruby programmer motivated by large-scale challenges that call for thinking and exploring outside standard manuals and textbooks. Experience with Solr is a plus. •Be passionate about programming and understand the role, potential, and limitations of homegrown/-operated software in an organisation. Experience with/from research libraries is a plus. •Take responsibility for the quality, well-being and durability of our collective codebase; not only parts done by you, but the entire base. Experience with how to apply web paradigms (e.g., Progressive Enhancement, Single Page Apps, etc.) in web applications is a plus. •Know how to ensure the smooth and automated deployment of multi-branched, flexible development and operational environments, and why this matters to efficient service development and maintenance. Experience with automation, Puppet and Docker is a plus. •Move around natively in a Linux/Open Source environment and appreciate a short distance between development and operation •Have a firm sense of accountability •Speak, read and write English fluently. Danish proficiency is a plus. We are looking for a colleague with the following personal skills: •Strong teamplayer •End-user-oriented •Strategic mindset •Analytical What we offer in return DTU Library offers an exciting and challenging job involving a variety of tasks in a passionate, informal, and family-friendly organisation, with good colleagues and a strong international atmosphere. We offer good opportunities for enhancing your skills and competences, as the personal development and ongoing education of employees is core to DTU. Salary and appointment terms Salary and appointment terms are in accordance with the LC/CO10-collective agreement and the organisational agreement for IT employees (PROSA) in the service of the state, the collective agreement with the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations (AC) or other relevant collective agreements. Application and contact Please submit your online application no later than Monday, 2 April 2018 (local time). Open the ‘Apply online’ link, fill out the form, and attach your motivated application, CV, and exam certificates. We expect to hold job interviews during week 15 (9-13 April) and follow-up interviews during week 16 (16-20 April). For further information, please contact Team Leader Christian Tønsberg, +(45) 2214 2337. All interested candidates irrespective of age, gender, race, disability, religion or ethnic background are encouraged to apply. DTU Library is a user-oriented, innovative research library, supporting the research, education and collaboration on DTU. Read more at http://library.dtu.dk. DTU is a technical university providing internationally leading research, education, innovation and scientific advice. Our staff of 5,800 advance science and technology to create innovative solutions that meet the demands of society; and our 11,000 students are being educated to address the technological challenges of the future. DTU is an independent academic university collaborating globally with business, industry, government and public agencies.]