[What impact will you make?Would you like to make an impact, while evolving in a dynamic and inclusive culture founded on cooperation, curiosity and high ambitions? If so, Deloitte is the place for you! We acknowledge and fulfil your potential and offer you a strong professional network, where you can unfold your interests and passions.Your teamYou will become a member of Denmark's and Scandinavia's largest cyber team, co-operating with colleagues whose main focus is to be among the best in their respective field. You will be working at our office in Copenhagen. If you dream of working internationally, you will have plenty of opportunities to do so. We are experiencing "growing pains" these days and are in the process of preparing for the rapidly changing threat picture, which is best done through new resources. Our mind-set? Having a clear understanding of the threats combined with deep insight into how we make our clients' business properly prepared for their specific levels of threat.At our workplace, we focus on having fun, being inspired and ensuring diversity in terms of staffing and mind-set. Testing wild ideas must be an option. We refer to ourselves as ethical hackers, penetration testers, incident responders and analysts, but we are indeed also cyber strategists, technology experts and IT specialists co-operating across countries with our 6,500+ colleagues around the world.Your assignments You will help us defend client networks by hunting through large datasets for signs compromise and monitor incoming alerts. We have lots of data and want you to bring your toolbox, skills and intuition to find attackers in our client’s networks. We will make sure that you get to play with the latest technologies, hunting methodologies and develop your own skills. If you dream of making a successful career, this student position is a good choice, because the market is screaming for people with your skills and experience.Your qualifications First of all, you need to be passionate about security (either the very technical part or the more "soft" part). The decisive factor is not whether you have a full git account with your own tools and written your own rootkit, or read everything in the media related to IT security and is able to tell stories about previous virus attacks that occurred back in the 90s. The important thing is that you have a very strong interest in IT security. It is an advantage if you have prior experience with Qradar.In addition, you need to be full of energy and have a desire to learn new things and be challenged.Our fields of work include: Forensics, Vulnerability Management, SCADA/ICS Security, Threat Intelligence, SIEM, Incident Response, Intrusion Detection, Network Infrastructure, Firewall Management, Log Management, Disaster Recovery, Secure Product Development Lifecycle Practices, Incident ManagementIn all of these areas, we apply a strategic, tactical and operational approach.Impact that matters We all aspire to fulfil our purpose - to make an impact that matters. Every single day. We measure our success in the quality, creativity, integrity and innovative in our solutions. Only the best is good enough. We do not just aspire to make solutions. We wish to create an impact that makes a positive and crucial difference for the people around us our clients and our society.Contact and application Send us your application, your CV and other relevant documents to the email below as soon as possible, as we will be conducting interviews on a continuous basis. Expected start date is as soon as possible. We process applications and arrange interviews continually. Hence, we recommend that you apply as soon as possible. You can read more about Deloitte at deloitte.dk.]