[Are you ambitious and keen on Finance? Are you among the Top 10% in your class? Do you want to take part in the financial support of a highly skilled, dynamic and international organisation? Then you should apply for the position as Student Assistant, Accounting in Maersk Drilling’s Finance department. 
We offer
The Accounting department of Finance in Maersk Drilling is looking for a high caliber Student Assistant to work in our team. We offer an exciting position where you will have the opportunity to put your academic knowledge into practice and become part of an international Finance department where your proactive, dedicated and ambitious mind-set will be highly appreciated and rewarded.   As a team of 15 highly skilled employees, we are committed to providing Finance excellence support to our truly international environment with Headquarters in Denmark consisting of 26 nationalities working out of Lyngby as well as supporting our global operations.   You will be part of a truly international company with our employees representing 65 nationalities. Our strong focus on diversity is a natural outcome of a company with a strong talent focus, mindset and culture. This goes hand in hand with a commitment to inclusion: all employees are valued and treated with respect at all times and we believe that our employees thrive and perform better with a healthy work-life balance.   
Key Responsibilities  
You main roles and responsibilities may vary, but will include:  

Providing first line support to the business by answering Accounting related inquires  
Extracting and collecting data from the ERP system for use in other departments  
Preparing input for various forecast models  
Building and maintaining user-friendly Excel models for the purpose of monthly cost analysis for specific departments, projects, accounts, etc.  
Handling of invoices  
Sorting, filling and archiving documentation  
Ad hoc tasks for the different teams within the Finance department  
Who we are looking for  
You must be a current Bachelors or Masters student ideally enrolled in a Finance related discipline, or with a keen interest in Management Accounting/Controlling and have a flair for IT, and have at least one year left in your education. As our new Student Assistant, you also:  

Have a good understanding of Accounting practices and Management Accounting  
Are an Excel super user, basic coding is desired but not required  
Are ambitious and proactive, diligent about details and always meet deadlines  
Are independent, outgoing and a strong communicator who is comfortable engaging with people of different backgrounds and cultures Are Fluent in English, both written and verbal. Knowledge of Danish is not required  
Can be flexible and able to work 15-20 hours per week  
Furthermore, as this is a local position, you must hold a valid Danish residence/work permit  
Please apply online as applications received via email will not be reviewed. 
For further information, please contact: Senior HQ Controller, Hanne Bohn Thomsen: hanne.bohn.thomsen@maerskdrilling.com.]