[Location: VejleOrganization: Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy in DenmarkMode of employment: Part time only (15-25 hours/week) For our Project Management Office (PMO) team in the Offshore Sales & Project Engineering organization, we are looking for two capable Student Workers.  The PMO team is responsible for supporting the Engineering organization and management by providing portfolio overview, process improvements, delivering accurate information on projects and supporting technical and business decisions through capturing, analysing and interpreting data from our portfolio management tools and systems. As our new Student Worker your role will be to support the OF S&PR EN organization with value-adding information regarding the performance of the department by in-person alignments and use of advanced applications. By taking on this challenge you will be granted the opportunity to reach out to stakeholders, gain access to disruptive industrial business insights while sharpening your business analytical skills and mindset. Siemens Gamesa makes an effort to attract the smartest students from the educational institutions in Denmark and abroad. We are always looking for talents who have the courage to ask those questions that may end up providing valuable answers and solutions to our customers and the society at large. Being a Student Worker in Siemens Gamesa is an opportunity for you to develop your personal capabilities and build a professional and international network. It will also be an opportunity to get on with your professional development and get relevant work experience in a global technology company. What are my responsibilities?·         Providing professional support regarding the structuring of verbal information, collecting and analysing data and preparing documentation and presentations·         Supporting the organization with the main aim of getting the most out of our advanced task and portfolio management tools·         Completing various ad-hoc and reoccurring tasks on business or organizational development fields independently·         Managing the technical preparation prior to meetings and workshops What do I need to qualify for this job?·         You are an enrolled Bachelor or Master student within the fields of management, strategy, leadership, organization development, business administration, engineering management, information management or similar fields·         You hold outstanding and proven skills within MS PowerPoint and Excel·         You have a bright, business-driven mind boosted by a common sense approach·         As a person you are agile, proactive and keen on delivering high quality·         You possess strong communication skills as well as excellent English skills in speaking as well as in writing You will be located in Vejle, and we expect you to be able to work 15-25 hours per week, spread on 2-4 days, depending on your schedule. In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy With a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark. Read more at http://www.siemens.com/windpower.  We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/. Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role. For further information about the position, please contact the hiring manager, Florian Kugler via phone: +45 5167 3297. For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email.We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible If you want to know more about what it is like to work and live in Denmark, please read more at http://www.siemens.dk/moving-to-denmark.]