[Flexible Location
Job Description
At Danfoss, we’re always scouting the world for Data Analytics graduates with a focus on Big Data who want to jump in at the deep end. Our 2-year postgraduate program is a great opportunity to learn how to navigate in a global industry-leading technology company. Jumping in at the deep end forces you to learn quickly. That is why we rotate our postgraduates through four different important projects across our departments in two years, where your project work will be mixed with tasks in the department. Two of your project assignments will be abroad.   You will have an experienced personal mentor assigned, who will be there to throw you a lifeline if you need one. We will offer you a job that will challenge your strategic and analytical mindset, giving you the opportunity to take on a steep learning curve – both personally and professionally. This will be your chance to make a difference. Jump in and take it! Who are we looking for? We’re looking for Master’s Degree graduates within “Economics” or similar with focus on Big Data. You have above average IT skills - particularly in Excel, PowerPoint, Power BI and similar tools. Your mindset is analytical and your approach is structured. You have a unique ability to address complex and large amounts of data and digest them into understandable and presentable overviews to fuel solid informed business decisions. Finally, you should have a 'self-starter attitude' and independently be able to focus, see opportunities and invite yourself to the table. Due to the international nature of the Postgraduate program it is a must that you are curious about other people and cultures and willing to stay abroad.Potential work areasYou will be working within different areas of Danfoss like M&A, Strategic Marketing and Business development, but all with a focus on Data. Application process The application deadline is 24th of June 2018. Applicants accepted into the Danfoss Postgraduate Program will start work on September 1st, 2018. Please remember to include your academic transcripts. ]