[Would you like to be a part of one of Denmark’s coolest and most international teams in a company on an amazing growth journey? If so, Siteimprove is the perfect place for you! We are currently looking for a bright and energetic French speaker to join our French team. Working within a fantastic and talented global team, this position is located in our amazing headquarters in the heart of Copenhagen right near Nyhavn.Responsibilities:As our French marketing assistant, you will be responsible for assisting the Marketing Specialist in ensuring that our presence is a success, implementing global strategies to the market and localizing communication. If you would love to get real-world business and practical experience, as well as create a fantastic network for your career then this may be the perfect job for you. Working hours are approximately 15-20 hours/week.What We Require of You:Fluent French is essentialGood translation skills (English – French/French – English)You are in your Bachelor or first year of your Master in Communications, Marketing or related fieldYou are passionate about marketing, events, brand awareness, translations and content creationYou have a strong eye for detail, are self-driven, reliable and have a responsible work attitudeWe imagine you have excellent written and verbal communication skills (our corporate language is English), strong collaboration and teambuilding skills, and great planning skills.What We’ll Love About You:You might have previously worked for a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) company, but this is not a requirementYou enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and find it easy to adapt and multitaskWhat You'll Love About Us Siteimprove is a Danish founded multinational SaaS company with over 450 employees worldwide. In addition to our headquarters in the heart of Copenhagen, we have eight offices around the world that you will get to work together with to make the web a better place.Our services help more than 6,000 organizations manage and improve their digital presence. With the Siteimprove Intelligence Platform, our clients gain complete visibility and deep insights, empowering them to measure what matters, drive accountability, and act with certainty.We’ve been experiencing rapid growth for the last couple of years, which translates to a determined and exciting work environment with good opportunities for career growth and professional development for our employees.Furthermore, you’ll have the chance to influence the company in different ways such as suggesting ideas for our products and participate in our CSR activities. Learn more about our CSR efforts here.During your first week of employment you will get together with all the other new hires in our Copenhagen Headquarters for the Onboarding. Introductions to our products and our departments will prepare you for a great start in your new role. We, of course, also organize some social activities, where you’ll get to know your new colleagues and the Siteimprove culture.We also offer amazing perks!Great and Inspiring Company Culture.  We are passionate, innovative, and people-centric. We’ve consistently been named as a great place to work across the globe.Amazing Kitchen Staff. Our celebrity head chef and his kitchen staff cook delicious lunch for us every day. There’s always cake on Fridays and on special occasions and celebrations (which, luckily, is quite often). Naturally, we offer free coffee, free sodas and free fruit ad libitum and the opportunity to buy food to take home at extremely reasonable prices.Outstanding Office Location. We are located in the heart of Copenhagen in a beautiful building sometimes referred to as “the Palace” by our employees.Our own Friday Bar. On the top floor, we have our very own Friday Bar with quality beverages. In the summer, we may take the party to our cozy courtyard for barbecuing in the sun.Events, and Workshops. We regularly throw events and workshops in our HQ in Copenhagen.How To ApplyClick on the ‘Apply Now’ button to submit your application in English. If you have any questions regarding the job, feel free to contact our Talent Acquisition Specialist Martina Kofler at +45 50545432. We review applications on a continuous basis, so the sooner you apply, the better. Starting date for this position would idealy be the 1st of March.Siteimprove is a global corporation and has developed data practices designed to assure your personally-identifiable information is appropriately protected. Please note that personal information may be transferred, accessed and stored globally as necessary for the uses and disclosures stated in accordance with our Privacy Policy at Siteimprove.com/privacy ]