[We are looking for a talented and dedicated Front-ender to join our teamBriefly on ClearView:? ClearView Trade is delivering a cloud-based PaaS to facilitate international trade? Our service support digital customs declarations (export and import), transport bookings and international trade - domain knowledge is preferred but not required? Our applications is based on ASP.NET MVC (CSHtml/C#) / Knockout.js / Bootstrap CSS / MSSQL? Our staff consists of top subject matter experts and proven business executives? We are an EU-based company currently situated in Denmark? English is our company language (Danish language skills are preferred but not required)? We work as a team and use agile principles to develop our servicesThe job: ? You will work closely with the team under the supervision of our Chief Developer? You will implement user interfaces, frontend functionality and graphical design based on our bootstrap css.? You will conduct and facilitate UX-testing, and front-to-back data integrity testing.Who are we looking for? ? You are a talented and dedicated student with both programming and design skills? You are independent, able to structure your own work and meet agreed deadlines? You have experience from similar work or projects? You master the following technologies: Javascript, CSS, HTML5, Microsoft .Net (ASP.NET MVC / C#) and Image editing (Photoshop etc.)? Knowledge of Knockout.Js, Bootstrap CSS, JSON / JQuery is a plus? You have knowledge of: XML, XSL, XSD & T-Sql? You care for graphical design and attend to the details to ensure things look good? Preferably you have finished your Bachelor and are about to start working towards a Master DegreeTerms & conditions: ? You will starting working as soon as possible? You will work out of our offices in Scion DTU Lyngby, lunch will be included? You are expected to work 15 hours pr. week? Preferably you live and study in the greater Copenhagen area? We will pay you an hourly rate based on your qualifications and experienceContact: ? If you are interested please send your application and CV to: info@clearviewtrade.com? Please write ‘Student Front-ender’ in the subject line of your email]