[Are you ready to join the team that is at the leading edge of Innovation at Microsoft? We are hiring Data and Analytics Principal Solution Specialists.
 
Responsibilities
As a Principal Solution Specialist, you will be a senior solution sales leader within our enterprise sales organization working with our most important customers. You will lead a virtual team of technical, partner and consulting resources to advance the sales process and achieve quarterly SQL Server and Azure data services revenue targets in your assigned accounts. You will be able to deeply engage with your accounts, helping them take advantage of our unique hybrid data platform to drive their digital transformation.

Build and transform new markets and lead transformational shifts in our customers
Develop, communicate and provide high business impact solutions that enable digital transformation
Maintain and develop a positive Customer and Partner Experience
 
Qualifications

10+ years’ experience selling business solutions to large/global enterprise customers with a focus on data platform technologies preferred.
Account Management: Effective territory/account management- planning, opportunity qualification and creation, stakeholder and executive communication, needs analysis, value engineering, services/partner engagement, opportunity management, pipeline management, large dollar licensing and deal negotiation required.
Executive Presence: Experience and expertise selling to senior business decision makers by aligning & reinforcing the value of the solution to the customer’s overall business pain and/or strategic opportunities and decision criteria.
Collaborative: Orchestrate and influence virtual teams to pursue sales opportunities and lead v-teams through influence Technical.
The ability to articulate and present the business value of Microsoft's solutions and have a firm understanding of Microsoft's strategies and products relative to major Microsoft competitors 
Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. 
 
Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.]