[The starting date for the stipends is the fall of 2018. Candidates are expected to have obtained a Master´s degree, or equivalence thereof, before starting. The stipends run for 3 years, which is the duration of the PhD program. You can find more information about the PhD program on the homepage http://www.math.ku.dk/english/programmes/ph.d/. The PhD stipends include full tuition and a salary of approximately 3,350 EUR per month before taxes (DKK 300,174 per year) plus pension contributions of 17% of the salary (DKK 41,013 per year). Salary, pension and terms of employment are in accordance with the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Academics Central organization.   Your application and all supporting documents must be submitted no later than April, 1st 2018.   About the Department of Mathematics  The department has 45 permanent scientific staff members; around 50 PhD students and 25 postdocs. It has strong research groups in many areas of mathematics, and active PhD, postdoc, and visitor's programs. Our building is located in central Copenhagen next to the central park Fælledparken. You can find more information about the department on its homepage http://www.math.ku.dk/english.  Further information about working at Copenhagen University can also be obtained from http://ism.ku.dk/.   Research Groups  All PhD students at the department will be affiliated with one of our six research groups: Algebra and Number Theory, Geometric Analysis and Mathematical Physics, Mathematical and Statistical Methods in Insurance and Economics, Non-commutative Geometry, Statistics and Probability Theory, or Topology. You can find description of each of these groups at the Department research homepage. There will be a limited number of free PhD stipends in all areas of mathematics not attached to specific project. You are welcome to contact any member of the department to discuss specific research projects.  In addition, there will be PhD stipends available in:   algebra, topology, operator algebras and non-commutative geometry as covered by the Centre for Symmetry and Deformation data science and causality within Copenhagen Causality Lab with Jonas Peters  geometric analysis: Riemannian geometry, PDEs and curvature flows, with Niels Martin Møller  life insurance and pension mathematics as covered by the section Insurance and Economics  mathematical physics and quantum information theory within the Centre for the Mathematics of Quantum Theory (QMATH)  The next ordinary PhD call will have application deadline December 1st, 2018.   About your application To apply you need to:   1. Fill out and submit the online application form and upload the required files. Please read the instructions carefully before applying.   2. Instruct the 2-3 recommenders to send their letter of recommendation as a pdf attachment to phdapply@math.ku.dk, stating your name in the subject line of the email. You are responsible for soliciting these letters.    All the above information, including letters of recommendation, must be received by April 1st, 2018. Applications or supplementary material received thereafter will not be considered, unless explicitly requested by the evaluation committee.   Please, read the mini-guide on how to apply. http://www.math.ku.dk/english/about/jobs/how_to_apply_phd/ Interview  Selected applicants will be asked to visit our department for an interview, probably in May or June 2018. The department will cover all (reasonable) expenses in connection with the interview.   Procedures and shortlisting  After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Interview Committee. Afterwards an assessment committee will be appointed to evaluate the selected applications. The applicants will be notified of the composition of the committee and the final selection of a successful candidate will be made by the Head of Department, based on the recommendations of the assessment committee and the interview committee.  The main criterion for selection will be the research potential of the applicant and the above mentioned skills. The successful candidate will then be requested to formally apply for enrolment as a PhD student at the PhD school of Science. You can read more about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk/faculty/recruitment-process/.    ]