[Legal Counsel for Global Software Company
Sitecore is the global leader in experience management software that enables context marketing. The Sitecore® Experience Platform™ manages content, supplies contextual intelligence, and automates communications, at scale. It empowers marketers to deliver content in context of how customers have engaged with their brand, across every channel, in real time. More than 4,900 brands—including American Express, Carnival Cruise Lines, easyJet, and L'Oréal—trust Sitecore for context marketing to deliver the personalized interactions that delight audiences, build loyalty, and drive revenue.
Sitecore is experiencing spectacular growth all over the world.  To build on Sitecore’s success and growth, we’re looking for a skilled Legal Counsel to help drive and continue the company’s growth.  As part of the global legal team, you will be working in a dynamic, international, and fun working environment with a strong emphasis on doing work that is cool and fun.
Position Summary
As Legal Counsel, under the guidance and direction of the Director of Legal, you will support the commercial and complianceneeds of the business, having primary responsibility for drafting and negotiating commercial contracts with customers,including outbound licenses, cloud-based offerings and other service offerings. You will also assist in drafting and negotiating agreements with other business partners, including vendors and suppliers, and will help support other compliance andcorporate initiatives. 
The candidate must have excellent business judgment and strategic thinking and the ability to work independently as well as collaboratively in a collegial, fast-paced team environment.  Sitecore’s business spans the globe and requires an experienced, dynamic and team-oriented attorney.  This position will be based in our Copenhagen office and will report to the Director of Legal in the Copenhagen office. 
Job Responsibilities

Drafting and negotiating commercial contracts – primarily software licensing and SaaS/cloud contracts – including facilitating internal approvals and escalations, identifying significant risks, and ultimately determining what non-standard contract terms are included in our contracts
Act as a primary interface between Legal and the sales organization, including providing strategic guidance and direction and ensuring compliance with contracting processes
Manage contract templates, guidelines and libraries
Managing internal training related to Legal Department’s policies and processes
Partner with the finance organization, the human resources organization and development organizations to implement and oversee relevant legal compliance programs
Support other general corporate matters and special projects from time to time
Job Qualifications

A sense of humor
3-5 years of relevant law firm and/or in-house experience, with extensive experience reviewing and negotiating commercial and legal aspects of English-language contracts
Cand.jur with deposited or currently valid “advokatbestalling”, or corresponding foreign law degree and admission to practice law in such jurisdiction is required 
Extensive experience with SaaS/cloud contracts, IPR and software contracts
Experience with Data Protection will be considered an asset
A customer-focused approach to negotiation and drafting of contracts
Additional language skills beyond English and the Nordic languages (e.g., German, French, etc,) will be considered an asset
Ability to interact comfortably with senior management
Solid business acumen and the ability to manage several simultaneous projects under deadline pressure are required
A strong command of details, but with a broad strategic awareness
Exceptional interpersonal skills and a commitment to professionalism and collegiality
Willingness to travel occasionally
About SitecoreSitecore has been awarded EY Entrepreneur of the Year for Denmark and has been named the “Best IT Company in Denmark” by Computerworld Magazine.  Sitecore is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace, and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, veteran status or any other legally protected basis.               
If you would like to know more about Sitecore, please visit us at http://www.sitecore.com.
Application Process
Applications will be reviewed and interviews scheduled on an ongoing basis, and we will close the ad once we have hired our new Legal Counsel. Therefore, please submit your application and CV as soon as possible.
All applications will be treated in confidence.
If you need more information or would like to discuss this position further, please contact Director of Legal, William Hart Wade at +45 31612857]