[Would you like to take up the challenge of optimising logistics and service execution performance for the world's largest portfolio of offshore wind farms?  
Join us and become a Senior Logistics Specialist in our Operations Logistics department where you'll be responsible for helping us optimise logistics and service execution performance to support our ambitious strategy for further international growth. Operations Logistics is responsible for providing specialist recommendations for onshore and offshore logistical set-ups for future wind farms as well as for tendering, delivering and mobilising vessels and helicopters at our operational wind farms. In addition, Operations Logistics monitors and evaluates the performance of our vessels and helicopters across the portfolio of wind farms to continuously improve safety and efficiency.  
Your key tasks will be to 

provide recommendations for service execution and logistical set-up for future wind farms and within clusters based on input from key stakeholders 
give input to decision models for service execution and design of tools for long and short-term planning of spare parts, technicians, vessels/helicopters and maintenance plans for turbines 
define requirements to modelling of supply chain and service execution for optimisation of workflows on future and existing wind farms as well as across clusters 
create new solutions for efficiency improvements in supply chain by optimising offshore logistics through new models and tools 
support and suggest projects for improved service execution and closely liaise with Advanced Analytics and Business Intelligence regarding analysis and modelling of logistics. 
You'll also liaise with logistics specialists and operational sites to understand current logistical capabilities and recommend performance improvement initiatives. In addition, you'll be expected to proactively suggest development of new processes, procedures or technology to improve safety and efficiency of the logistics in our portfolio.  
Your qualifications and core competences include that you 

hold a bachelor's degree, a master's degree or another relevant degree within supply chain logistics 
preferably have extensive experience with logistical operations within the offshore wind industry 
have knowledge of maintenance systems design and flow optimisation 
have sound competencies within data and business case modelling 
have experience with design and implementation of optimisation models in supply chain systems as, e.g., staff scheduling, logistics routing, work order planning and contingency planning 
have strong communication skills, enabling you to express and present information professionally to business partners at all organisational levels. 
Moreover, you have a positive, open-minded and result-oriented approach to your work and are prepared to learn about other functional areas. In addition, you have personal drive and can suggest improvements within your area of experience in a proactive manner and to work independently.  
Working at Ørsted 
To be the frontrunner in the green energy transformation, we invest significantly in innovation and empower our employees to help shape the renewable energy technologies of the future. We cultivate a collaborative, dynamic and diverse work environment and encourage career-long learning and development so our people can realise their full potential.   
Would you like to help shape the renewable technologies of the future? 
Send your application to us as soon as possible and no later than Monday 2 April 2018, as we'll be conducting interviews on a continuous basis.  
Please don't hesitate to contact Lars Høy Jørgensen, Head of Operations Logistics, on telephone +45 99 55 61 41 if you'd like to know more about the position.   
Please note that for your application to be taken into consideration, you must submit your application via our online career pages  
You should expect some travelling to our offices in Northern Europe in relation to your work.  
About Ørsted 
Headquartered in Denmark, Ørsted's 5,600 employees develop, construct and operate offshore wind farms, bioenergy plants and innovative waste-to-energy solutions and provide smart energy products to its customers. Ørsted Wind Power's 2,200 employees have developed and constructed the largest portfolio of offshore wind farms in Northern Europe, and we're expanding with international activities in the US and Asia-Pacific. For more information on Ørsted, visit Ørsted.com. ]