[Would you like to be the mastermind behind Data Privacy in the Maersk Group?
We offer
As the Group Data Privacy Compliance Officer in Maersk Legal at the Maersk Group’s headquarter in Copenhagen you will get the unique opportunity to use and broaden your expertise and experience within the area of data privacy laws and compliance in a global environment. You will be responsible for the day-to-day management and development of the Maersk Group’s global data privacy compliance programme and other data privacy related matters. You will be part of an international, dynamic and competitive environment that requires legal expertise as well as a business mind-set. The position provides good opportunities for a continued legal and/or commercial career within the Maersk Group in Denmark or abroad. Our aim is to keep a good balance between family and work, and we offer flexibility when needed. Furthermore, we offer a competitive salary package based on your experience.As you will be working globally, you should expect moderate travel activity. You will report to the Head of IT & Digital Law.
 
Key responsibilities
You will be the engine behind the Group’s Data Privacy Compliance programme, and as the Group Data Privacy Compliance Officer you will continue to further implement, optimize and develop the global data privacy compliance programme and related activities across the Maersk Group’s global organisation. The role will allow you to broaden the palette of your stakeholder management and communication skills as the many different stakeholders in Data Privacy in the Group will count on the best advice. It is thus essential that you have a learning appetite and curious mindset but at the same time is able to work independently and is able to find the right balance between legal requirements and business needs.As Group Data Privacy Compliance Officer, you will navigate a complex internal stakeholder picture, conduct training activities, draft internal standards, provide legal advice and develop compliance tools to support the business needs and enable compliance. The Maersk Group’s different businesses will depend on you for data privacy compliance advice, compliance decisions and interpretation of both legal and programmatic compliance requirements. Part of the job will also be to cooperate with governmental agencies and NGO’s on data privacy compliance matters and handle the authority related matters.We believe this role will appeal to someone who enjoys the variation of working with highly specialized subject matter behind a screen, and face-to-face interaction with colleagues of all stripes around the globe turning complex legal requirements into practical usable tools.
 
We are looking for
The ideal candidate has formal legal qualifications, e.g. a Master’s degree in Law, Commercial Law or equivalent, coupled with minimum 3 years of work experience within the legal field, 1-3 of which with data privacy law.Experience with handling and rolling out compliance programmes and liaising with government agencies is desirable. Such experiences may have been gained e.g. as an external advisor or in-house legal advisor. As you will be the expert in your field within the Maersk Group and responsible for communicating and ensuring compliance with Group policies globally, you should have excellent interpersonal, presentation and communication skills. The ability to communicate Group policies to people across different business areas, functions and cultures is essential to your success. For this you need to be both business and solution oriented. Further, it is paramount that you have sound analytical skills and a drive to achieve results. As you will be a part of an international environment, working with colleagues from all over the world, fluency in spoken and written English is a requirement.As a performance-oriented company, we strive to always recruit the best person for the job – regardless of gender, age, nationality, sexual orientation or religious beliefs. We are proud of our diversity and see it as a genuine source of strength for building high-performing teams.]