[Are you looking for a position offering the possibility to work within a fast changing and professional environment leading the global S&OP process within Vestas? Do you have experience with performance management and can you communicate complex financial data? Would you like to grow your career in a dynamic and global supply chain organisation? We are looking for an experienced Supply Chain Program Manager with strong stakeholder management skills to drive projects in Sales and Operations Planning (S&OP). CSO/Supply Chain Planning/Integrated Business PlanningYou will join Integrated Business Planning in the Supply Chain Planning organisation. Our team resides in the sales area and plays a key role in securing the best and optimal balance between sales and operations. Our main purpose is to enable transparent and fact-based long-term decision making and to enable Vestas to predict and respond to change in conditions well ahead of time and prioritise resources to satisfy our customers in the most profitable way.Responsibilities

Drive scenarios, simulations and business cases to secure a continuous optimisation of Vestas P&L and cash flow
Lead on SAP Integrated Business Planning module as the tool for scenario and monthly S&OP process 
Drive full monthly S&OP process, including scenarios planning, meeting facilitation, follow ups and secure implementation of process decisions across functions.
Develop Global S&OP process
Create transparency of long term capacity utilisation, production footprint and Supply Chain bottlenecks and Risk management.
Provide input, reviews and analyses for management and Executive S&OP meetings

Qualifications

We expect candidates to have a relevant master's degree within business administration, Supply Chain Management or equivalent
5-10 years’ supply chain, finance or commercial experience in global B2B companies
Experience from running, facilitating and working with S&OP is preferred
Solid background and understanding of controlling and performance management
Stakeholder management on all organisational levels
Strong commercial communication skills 

Competencies

Eager to learn and a desire to strive for the best result. 
Has energy, determination and judgment, particularly when working with senior stakeholders under tight deadlines.
Ability to navigate in the environment of management, project and cross-functional stakeholders with separate agendas.
Ability to communicate complex financial information at executive level in a simple and transparent manner
Strong project management skills combined with excellent analytical skills
Proficiency in English both verbal and written
Desire and ability to operate in a complex Supply Chain
Good system and business understanding
Commitment, accountability as well as being proactive and solution oriented comes natural to you

What we offerWe offer an exciting job with excellent opportunities for professional and personal development in an inspiring environment at the world’s leading wind turbine producer. We value initiative, responsibility and the right balance between creativity and quality in all solutions. You will become part of a highly professional environment with a strong technical and commercial commitment. You will get a unique opportunity to influence the building of small projects and your own position in an informal and rapidly developing environment.   Additional informationWork location: Aarhus or Copenhagen, Denmark.All enquiries are treated confidential.For more information please contact Head of Integrated Business Planning Janni Overgaard Planche on phone: +45 61651797  About VestasVestas is the energy industry’s global partner on sustainable energy solutions. We design, manufacture, install, and service wind turbines across the globe, and with more than 83 GW of wind turbines in 75 countries, we have installed more wind power than anyone else.Through our industry-leading smart data capabilities and unparalleled more than 73 GW of wind turbines under service, we use data to interpret, forecast, and exploit wind resources and deliver best-in-class wind power solutions. Together with our customers, Vestas’ more than 22,000 employees are bringing the world sustainable energy solutions to power a bright future. We invite you to learn more about Vestas by visiting our website at www.vestas.com and following us on our social media channels. 
Job Supply Chain ManagementPrimary LocationDenmark-Midtjylland-Aarhus N 
Unposting Date Ongoing]