[The Danish National Research Foundation (DNRF) Center for Chromosome Stability at Faculty of Health & Medical Sciences at the University of Copenhagen is looking for a postdoctoral scientist to join the Center, starting in April 2018, or upon agreement. The position is available in the laboratory of Associate Professor Luis Toledo and is financed by an ERC Starting Grant. The position is available in the first instance for 1 year, with a possible extension for 3 further years. The DNRF Center for Chromosome Stability, which is a part of Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine at University of Copenhagen (http://www.icmm.ku.dk), addresses basic research questions in chromosome biology and translates promising basic research results into new strategies and targets for the development of new therapies for cancer and reproductive health. Find more information about the Center at http://ccs.ku.dk Job description Toledo lab is recruiting a talented and motivated postdoctoral scientist with a background in cell biology. The work of our laboratory aims at dissecting the molecular mechanisms that allow mammalian cells to replicate their genome and preserve the integrity of their chromosomes. Our lab focuses also on exploiting novel targets involved in DNA replication to treat diseases like cancer. We apply classic molecular and biochemical techniques, drug and genetic screens, live microscopy and quantitative single cell imaging data to study key cellular functions during cell proliferation. For more information on the group and ongoing projects visit: (http://icmm.ku.dk/english/research-groups/toledo-group/). Your profile A relevant PhD in natural or biomedical sciences is required in addition to: 

Extensive experience in cell and molecular biology techniques. 

A background in DNA Replication and/or DNA damage fields. 

Previous experience with siRNA and CRISPR based methods and screens will be a plus. 

A strong track record and at least one first author publication in a prominent international peer-reviewed journal. 

Curiosity, motivation and enthusiasm, and the will to work independently and with others. 

Excellent communication and writing skills in English We offer 

Be part of a young and dynamic starting lab with excellent support and interaction 

Outstanding scientific environment and access to state of the art equipment and facilities. 

Possibility for continued education and training 

Attractive employment conditions 

Centrally located in Copenhagen and family friendly work place Scientific environment The mission of the Center for Chromosome Stability is to better understand the molecular mechanisms by which chromosomal instability impacts on age-related pathologies in humans. The research environment at the CCS is ambitious and international, with many different nationalities represented. The CCS comprises modern laboratories and seminars with high-profile international speakers and regular internal research seminars. The CCS is part a greater research environment at The Department of Cellular and Molecular Medicine (ICMM) aiming to produce research with high international impact. The research focus is on the functional cell, its genetic components and molecular cellular mechanisms in a medical context. The ICMM currently comprises five research programmes, three high profile research centers, as well as a number of international research groups. The scientists at ICMM are also involved in high quality research based undergraduate and graduate teaching programs at the University of Copenhagen. You can read more about the CCS here: http://www.ccs.ku.dkRequired qualifications The project requires a PhD in natural or biomedical sciences. Terms of employment The terms of employment are set according to the Agreement between the Ministry of Finance and The Danish Confederation of Professional Associations or other relevant professional organization. Successful applicants will receive a generous salary from the University of Copenhagen as well as a monthly contribution of 17.1% of the salary paid into a pension fund. The University of Copenhagen encourages career development of its postdoctoral fellows and the position carries the opportunity to conduct undergraduate teaching and associated examinations within the Medical School. Questions For further information and interest about the position, please contact Professor Luis Toledo by email: ltoledo@sund.ku.dk Foreign applicants may find the following links useful: http://www.ism.ku.dk (International Staff Mobility) and http://www.workingconditions.ku.dk Application procedure The application must be submitted in English, by clicking on “Apply online” below, and must include the following: *Curriculum vitae with a list of publications, a report on previous research undertaken, and the names, addresses and contact details of 3 referees *Diplomas – all relevant certificates, including grades *A motivation letter with an outline of how you could contribute scientifically and intellectually to the research of this laboratory (approximately 1 A4 page). Please note the applicant will be contacted if the assessment committee requires further documentation. Deadline for application is 16th of March, 2018. After the expiry of the deadline for applications, the authorized recruitment manager selects applicants for assessment on the advice of the Appointments Committee. All applicants are then immediately notified whether their application has been passed for assessment by an expert assessment committee. Selected applicants are notified of the composition of the committee and each applicant has the opportunity to comment on the part of the assessment that relates to the applicant him/herself. You can read about the recruitment process at http://employment.ku.dk Apply online Founded in 1479, the University of Copenhagen is the oldest university in Denmark. With 37,000 students and 9,000 employees, it is among the largest universities in Scandinavia and one of the highest ranking in Europe. The University consists of six faculties, which cover Health and Medical Sciences, Humanities, Law, Science, Social Sciences and Theology. ]