[Are you looking for an opportunity where you can utilise your medical knowledge to generate, interpret and communicate scientific data? Does interacting with global medical leaders interest you? Then we have an opportunity for you within our Global Medical Affairs Department.About the departmentGlobal Medical Affairs Obesity and Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a growing area, responsible for building and delivering consistent scientific communication across all phases of clinical trials, including our cardiovascular outcome trials.The PositionAs a Global Medical Manager, you belong to a highly motivated group of Medical Doctors with clinical, research and/or pharmaceutical experience, who are passionate about scientific and medical communication. In this position you will be working on a project on non-alcoholic steatohepatitis.As a Global Medical Manager you will provide timely, accurate and credible scientific and medical input for a variety of projects. Your main tasks involve effective collaboration and communication with internal stakeholders from marketing, global development, regulatory and other functional areas.With a background as a Medical Doctor you will be trusted to provide medical input to clinical trials that includes trial design, protocol development and investigator selection and at later stages to drive the scientific dialogue based on the results from these trials.The job will give you an opportunity to connect with Key Opinion Leaders (KOL) and gather medical and scientific information that can optimise product development and treatment of patients. Across the tasks you are expected to maintain a healthy relationship with Key Opinion Leaders (KOL) and participate in scientific communication during high quality global meetings and receive feedback. You will play a key role in developing publications based on our clinical trial results which requires your ability to interact with authors, statisticians, medical writers and other stakeholders. Further you will support in developing internal and external medical education and guidance materials. The position also involves presentations of data and participation in international conferences and scientific meetings. In addition to this you will guide various teams that are actively involved in developing Novo Nordisk's global marketing strategies, promotional materials and other legal and medical aspects.QualificationsYou are a Medical Doctor with at least 2 years of experience in clinical or research or both, ideally you have experience in clinical medicine, clinical research and development in pharmaceutical settings. A Ph.D. degree is considered a plus but is not mandatory. You have good presentation and training skills. It will be considered a plus if you have experience with liver diseases. As a person you are extrovert and result oriented. You are fluent in both spoken and written English. You should expect international travel of approximately 20% every year.Working at Novo NordiskAt Novo Nordisk, we use our skills, dedication and ambition to help people with diabetes and obesity. We offer the chance to be part of a truly global work place, where passion and engagement are met with opportunities for professional and personal development.ContactFor further information, please contact Morten Donsmark at +45 3075 4578 or Søren Kruse Lilleøre at +45 3079 2918.Deadline4 April 2018.]