[Do you want to be part of developing the future of green energy solutions for offshore wind power? For our Offshore Nacelle & Hub Department R&D we are looking for a dedicated experienced Mechanical Design Engineer. You will become part of a dynamic R&D environment where we work with the latest and most advanced technologies within wind power contributing to future green energy solutions. Nacelle and hub structures are dynamical loaded which results in high requirements for the mechanical components due to the risk of extreme and fatigue failure.As a Mechanical Design Engineer you will be responsible for driving a variety of engineering tasks on all product stages from research and development to design and manufacturing, through to installation and final commissioning. Furthermore, you will have a broad interface with different stakeholders and have the opportunity to build own professional network in a very large and international organization. What are my responsibilities?· The Mechanical Design Engineer will be working with design concepts and advanced 3D modeling and 2D detailing in close cooperation with Structural engineers, Prototype workshop, Service   department, EHS, Production, Project organization and Procurement.· The work assignments will cover:· Work with conceptual design and specifications of mechanical systems and components i.e. hub, bedframe, yaw system, support structure, steel structures, platforms and Canopy· Work with technical design documentation such as: Requirement Specification, D-FMEA (Design Failure Mode and Effect Analysis), Tolerance Stack Analysis, EHS   assessments (DRA: Design Risk Assessments), DDL (Design Decision Logs), Design Verification/test Procedure and Reporting· Work with analytical structural calculations and simple Finite Element Analysis· Execute design reviews and preparation of required documentation like MoM, Engineering Statements etc.· Participate in prototype assembly in workshop and implement learnings· Work with design improvements, cost outs etc.· Display strong stakeholder management skills· Cooperate with many different stakeholders throughout the value chain· Interact with different stakeholders to ensure right product from suppliers and to ensure the supplier develop according to the given specifications · Execute own New Product Development projects What do I need to qualify for this job?·  You have a Bachelors’ or Masters’ Degree in Mechanical or Civil Engineering·  Preferably you have a craftsman background as e.g. blacksmith or auto mechanic· You have an interest for design and specification of mechanical systems and components· You have knowledge of or experience in mechanical design and specification in accordance to international norms and standards· You have interest in or experience from the wind industry· You have knowledge of integrated product development· You have experience with 2D or 3D engineering design and manufacturing tools, preferable with NX Siemens PLM· You have experience with Teamcenter Siemens PLM and SAP will be an advantage· You have experience with Geometrical Product Specifications (GPS)· You have experience with D-FMEA, EHS assessments and tolerance stack analysis· You enjoy having a broad stakeholder interface and work proactive towards achieving your own as well as the team’s assignments· You have the ability to work both independently as well as in teams· You have a structured, analytical and innovative approach to your tasks· You have a high degree of personal planning and able to meet deadlines· You possess very good communication and English skills – both orally and in writing In case you have acquired your skills in alternative ways your application is just as well appreciated. About Siemens Gamesa Renewable EnergyWith a worldwide installed capacity of 75 GW, Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy has a presence in more than 90 countries and a team of 27,000 employees worldwide. Its end-to-end value chain presence encompasses onshore and offshores wind turbines design, manufacturing, installation as well as cutting-edge service solutions. The global headquarters and legal domicile of the company is located in Zamudio, Spain. The company is listed on the Spanish stock exchange. Denmark is a core part of Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy global wind power activities, housing global wind power R&D and engineering activities along with several supply chain management, sales and project management functions. Currently, approximately 7.500 employees out of a global staff of more than 27.000 work with wind power solutions in Denmark.Read more at https://www.siemens.com/global/en/home/markets/wind.html. We continuously strive to strengthen our position, and we are therefore looking for bright minds eager to join a dynamic, international organization offering unique opportunities for its employees. By joining Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy you will become part of an open and dynamic workplace where professional and personal development is an important part of the agenda. We prioritize being responsible for our employees’ health and well-being, and we offer many employee benefits. Apply online in English for the job at http://www.gamesacorp.com/en/human-capital/job-offers/ Please note that we will reply by email. We are looking forward to receiving your online application. Please ensure you complete all areas of the application form to the best of your ability, as we will use the data to review your suitability for the role.  For further information regarding the recruitment process, please send the recruiting team an email via hr.dk.pg@siemens.com. Please mention the Job ID in the email. We kindly draw your attention to the fact that this email may not be used for sending applications or CVs for evaluation. Deadline for applications: as soon as possible]